Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you dont mind, it doesnt matter.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a womans birthday but never remembers her age.
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
How incessant and great are the ills with which a prolonged old age is replete.
Old age, believe me, is a good and pleasant thing. It is true you are gently shouldered off the stage, but then you are given such a comfortable front stall as spectator.
Old age has deformities enough of its own. It should never add to them the deformity of vice.
Nobody grows old merely by living a number of years. We grow old by deserting our ideals. Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.
All diseases run into one, old age.
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.
Like everyone else who makes the mistake of getting older, I begin each day with coffee and obituaries.
Age appears to be best in four things old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.
Every man over forty is a scoundrel.
Forty is the old age of youth fifty the youth of old age.
You cant help getting older, but you dont have to get old.
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face.
Youth is when youre allowed to stay up late on New Years Eve. Middle age is when youre forced to.
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, youve got to start young.
A comfortable old age is the reward of a well-spent youth. Instead of its bringing sad and melancholy prospects of decay, it would give us hopes of eternal youth in a better world.
A man growing old becomes a child again.
I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am.
Age considers youth ventures.
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of energy.
Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
Old age is no place for sissies.
I dont feel old. I dont feel anything till noon. Thats when its time for my nap.
As I approve of a youth that has something of the old man in him, so I am no less pleased with an old man that has something of the youth. He that follows this rule may be old in body, but can never be so in mind.
I dont believe one grows older. I think that what happens early on in life is that at a certain age one stands still and stagnates.
Advice in old age is foolish for what can be more absurd than to increase our provisions for the road the nearer we approach to our journeys end.
When grace is joined with wrinkles, it is adorable. There is an unspeakable dawn in happy old age.
It takes a long time to become young.
After thirty, a body has a mind of its own.
There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.
Age is not a particularly interesting subject. Anyone can get old. All you have to do is live long enough.
Old minds are like old horses you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order.
Forty is the old age of youth, fifty is the youth of old age.
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
Preparation for old age should begin not later than ones teens. A life which is empty of purpose until 65 will not suddenly become filled on retirement.
There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone but, years after, we know it was much later.
Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy person has no time to form.
As long as any adult thinks that he, like the parents and teachers of old, can become introspective, invoking his own youth to understand the youth before him, he is lost.
Old age is fifteen years older than I am.
Aging is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength.
The great secret that all old people share is that you really havent changed in seventy or eighty years. Your body changes, but you dont change at all. And that, of course, causes great confusion.
The trick is growing up without growing old.
Old age comes on suddenly, and not gradually as is thought.
I think your whole life shows in your face and you should be proud of that.
Im happy to report that my inner child is still ageless.
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen.
One of the many things nobody ever tells you about middle age is that its such a nice change from being young.
After youre older, two things are possibly more important than any others: health and money.
You end up as you deserve. In old age you must put up with the face, the friends, the health, and the children you have earned.
Im not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. Youre as old as you feel.
Inflation is when you pay fifteen dollars for the ten-dollar haircut you used to get for five dollars when you had hair.
My notion of a wife at 40 is that a man should be able to change her, like a bank note, for two 20s.
As you age naturally, your family shows more and more on your face. If you deny that, you deny your heritage.
Old age is like a plane flying through a storm. Once youre aboard, theres nothing you can do.
In youth the days are short and the years are long. In old age the years are short and days long.
The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball.
Age is how we determine how valuable you are.
Middle age is when your age starts to show around your middle.
Aging seems to be the only available way to live a long life.
I think when the full horror of being fifty hits you, you should stay home and have a good cry.
To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent that is to triumph over old age.
If youre old, dont try to change yourself, change your environment.
Old age is an excellent time for outrage. My goal is to say or do at least one outrageous thing every week.
I want to get old gracefully. I want to have good posture, I want to be healthy and be an example to my children.
You know youre getting old when all the names in your black book have M. D. after them.
What makes old age so sad is not that our joys but our hopes cease.
Old age is a shipwreck.
While one finds company in himself and his pursuits, he cannot feel old, no matter what his years may be.
To resist the frigidity of old age, one must combine the body, the mind, and the heart. And to keep these in parallel vigor one must exercise, study, and love.
Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that can happen to a man.
No one can avoid aging, but aging productively is something else.
If you havent turned rebel by twenty youve got no heart if you havent turned establishment by thirty youve got no brains!
Oh rage! Oh despair! Oh age, my enemy!
I dont want to fight aging I want to take good care of myself, but plastic surgery and all that? Im not interested.
Middle age is the time when a man is always thinking that in a week or two he will feel as good as ever.
We should so provide for old age that it may have no urgent wants of this world to absorb it from meditation on the next. It is awful to see the lean hands of dotage making a coffer of the grave.
Middle age is the awkward period when Father Time starts catching up with Mother Nature.
Middle age is youth without levity, and age without decay.
No man is ever old enough to know better.
The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older people, and greatly assists the circulation of the blood.
In youth we run into difficulties. In old age difficulties run into us.
We pay when old for the excesses of youth.
The answer to old age is to keep ones mind busy and to go on with ones life as if it were interminable. I always admired Chekhov for building a new house when he was dying of tuberculosis.
Weve put more effort into helping folks reach old age than into helping them enjoy it.
The real sadness of fifty is not that you change so much but that you change so little.
Im not afraid of aging.
He has a profound respect for old age. Especially when its bottled.
Whatever poet, orator or sage may say of it, old age is still old age.
To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent - that is to triumph over old age.
In old age we are like a batch of letters that someone has sent. We are no longer in the past, we have arrived.
Theres no such thing as old age, there is only sorrow.
Those who love deeply never grow old they may die of old age, but they die young.
I get all fired up about aging in America.
The really frightening thing about middle age is the knowledge that youll grow out of it.
There is an anti-aging possibility, but it has to come from within.
The lovely thing about being forty is that you can appreciate twenty-five-year-old men more.
When a noble life has prepared old age, it is not decline that it reveals, but the first days of immortality.
The whole business of marshaling ones energies becomes more and more important as one grows older.
The tendency of old age to the body, say the physiologists, is to form bone. It is as rare as it is pleasant to meet with an old man whose opinions are not ossified.
Old age adds to the respect due to virtue, but it takes nothing from the contempt inspired by vice it whitens only the hair.
As men get older, the toys get more expensive.
I find that a man is as old as his work. If his work keeps him from moving forward, he will look forward with the work.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Confusion of goals and perfection of means seems, in my opinion, to characterize our age.
Perfection of means and confusion of ends seem to characterize our age.
The age of a woman doesnt mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles.
Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen.
A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. I told him, At my age, I dont even buy green bananas.
When marrying, ask yourself this question: Do you believe that you will be able to converse well with this person into your old age? Everything else in marriage is transitory.
Probably the happiest period in life most frequently is in middle age, when the eager passions of youth are cooled, and the infirmities of age not yet begun as we see that the shadows, which are at morning and evening so large, almost entirely disappear at midday.
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.
As human beings, our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world - that is the myth of the atomic age - as in being able to remake ourselves.
A man loves the meat in his youth that he cannot endure in his age.
In every country and every age, the priest had been hostile to Liberty.
The heresy of one age becomes the orthodoxy of the next.
The golden age is before us, not behind us.
Every formula of every religion has in this age of reason, to submit to the acid test of reason and universal assent.
Thomas Jefferson once said, We should never judge a president by his age, only by his works. And ever since he told me that, I stopped worrying.
No woman should ever be quite accurate about her age. It looks so calculating.
At twenty years of age the will reigns at thirty, the wit and at forty, the judgment.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Information is the oxygen of the modern age. It seeps through the walls topped by barbed wire, it wafts across the electrified borders.
Old age is just a record of ones whole life.
We prefer world law in the age of self-determination to world war in the age of mass extermination.
Each age, it is found, must write its own books or rather, each generation for the next succeeding.
Education is the best provision for old age.
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
Sometimes I think it would be easier to avoid old age, to die young, but then youd never complete your life, would you? Youd never wholly know you.
I dont think of myself as a poor deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, and I had to make good.
The kids are old enough now - I just want to let them be kids. I dont want to comment on them too much. Theyre at an age where I just want to let them be kids.
He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden.
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?
Ive got volumes on how not to behave. Ive got more information now than a guy should have at my age.
Im at the age where food has taken the place of sex in my life. In fact, Ive just had a mirror put over my kitchen table.
Age is something that doesnt matter, unless you are a cheese.
Hesitation increases in relation to risk in equal proportion to age.
Books were my pass to personal freedom. I learned to read at age three, and soon discovered there was a whole world to conquer that went beyond our farm in Mississippi.
In our age there is no such thing as keeping out of politics. All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.
I must confess, I was born at a very early age.
The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which mean never losing your enthusiasm.
It is utterly false and cruelly arbitrary to put all the play and learning into childhood, all the work into middle age, and all the regrets into old age.
We arent in an information age, we are in an entertainment age.
To me - old age is always ten years older than I am.
Age is not important unless youre a cheese.
No matter what age you are, or what your circumstances might be, you are special, and you still have something unique to offer. Your life, because of who you are, has meaning.
A woman has the age she deserves.
The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
Youngsters of the age of two and three are endowed with extraordinary strength. They can lift a dog twice their own weight and dump him into the bathtub.
He who has not the spirit of this age, has all the misery of it.
Instead of being presented with stereotypes by age, sex, color, class, or religion, children must have the opportunity to learn that within each range, some people are loathsome and some are delightful.
I think being able to age gracefully is a very important talent. It is too late for me.
Error is acceptable as long as we are young but one must not drag it along into old age.
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
I dont need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me.
Talk is by far the most accessible of pleasures. It costs nothing in money, it is all profit, it completes our education, founds and fosters our friendships, and can be enjoyed at any age and in almost any state of health.
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.
Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
Age merely shows what children we remain.
Each moment of a happy lovers hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
The credit of advancing science has always been due to individuals and never to the age.
Dressing up is a bore. At a certain age, you decorate yourself to attract the opposite sex, and at a certain age, I did that. But Im past that age.
I was born at the age of twelve on an MGM lot.
A woman telling her true age is like a buyer confiding his final price to an Armenian rug dealer.
How young can you die of old age?
Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age.
At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.
Middle age is when youre sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isnt for you.
If youth knew if age could.
I think the biggest disease the world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved. I know that I can give love for a minute, for half an hour, for a day, for a month, but I can give. I am very happy to do that, I want to do that.
The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different.
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
I created Punk for this day and age. Do you see Britney walking around wearing ties and singing punk? Hell no. Thats what I do. Im like a Sid Vicious for a new generation.
We are all geniuses up to the age of ten.
It is well for the world that in most of us, by the age of thirty, the character has set like plaster, and will never soften again.
Every age has its own poetry in every age the circumstances of history choose a nation, a race, a class to take up the torch by creating situations that can be expressed or transcended only through poetry.
Old age is not a matter for sorrow. It is matter for thanks if we have left our work done behind us.
I suppose when they reach a certain age some men are afraid to grow up. It seems the older the men get, the younger their new wives get.
Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.
Publishing is in a kind of Jurassic age.
Age is just a number. Its totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine.
Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.
Youth has no age.
Youth is a blunder Manhood a struggle, Old Age a regret.
To teach how to live without certainty and yet without being paralysed by hesitation is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can do for those who study it.
It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age but, if so, it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that guards the door, and this dragon is religion.
Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty.
Old age realizes the dreams of youth: look at Dean Swift in his youth he built an asylum for the insane, in his old age he was himself an inmate.
In youth we learn in age we understand.
Believe me, that was a happy age, before the days of architects, before the days of builders.
I have the problems of, I must confess, old age.
Not just in commerce but in the world of ideas too our age is putting on a veritable clearance sale. Everything can be had so dirt cheap that one begins to wonder whether in the end anyone will want to make a bid.
Bad news isnt wine. It doesnt improve with age.
It were a real increase of human happiness, could all young men from the age of nineteen be covered under barrels, or rendered otherwise invisible and there left to follow their lawful studies and callings, till they emerged, sadder and wiser, at the age of twenty-five.
People who refuse to rest honorably on their laurels when they reach retirement age seem very admirable to me.
Not to expose your true feelings to an adult seems to be instinctive from the age of seven or eight onwards.
The heart never grows better by age I fear rather worse, always harder. A young liar will be an old one, and a young knave will only be a greater knave as he grows older.
For age is opportunity no less Than youth itself, though in another dress, And as the evening twilight fades away The sky is filled with stars, invisible by day.
Age is a case of mind over matter. If you dont mind, it dont matter.
Have regular hours for work and play make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
Admiration of the proletariat, like that of dams, power stations, and aeroplanes, is part of the ideology of the machine age.
But the age of chivalry is gone. That of sophisters, economists, and calculators has succeeded and the glory of Europe is extinguished forever.
Childhood: the period of human life intermediate between the idiocy of infancy and the folly of youth - two removes from the sin of manhood and three from the remorse of age.
Experience is a revelation in the light of which we renounce our errors of youth for those of age.
My view is that at a younger age your optimism is more and you have more imagination etc. You have less bias.
The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class.
In the information age, you dont teach philosophy as they did after feudalism. You perform it. If Aristotle were alive today hed have a talk show.
Once I planned to write a book of poems entirely about the things in my pocket. But I found it would be too long and the age of the great epics is past.
The harvest of old age is the recollection and abundance of blessing previously secured.
It is the spirit of the age to believe that any fact, no matter how suspect, is superior to any imaginative exercise, no matter how true.
The arrogance of age must submit to be taught by youth.
The biggest disease this day and age is that of people feeling unloved.
Old age: the crown of life, our plays last act.
I think women should start to embrace their age. Whats the alternative to getting older? You die. I cant change the day I was born. But I can take care of my skin, my body, my mind, and try to live my life and be happy.
Age is getting to know all the ways the world turns, so that if you cannot turn the world the way you want, you can at least get out of the way so you wont get run over.
Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age.
One crowded hour of glorious life is worth an age without a name.
Wives are young mens mistresses, companions for middle age, and old mens nurses.
Wisdom doesnt necessarily come with age. Sometimes age just shows up all by itself.
It is a blessed thing that in every age some one has had the individuality enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions.
And in my own life, in my own small way, Ive tried to give back to this country that has given me so much. Thats why I left a job at a law firm for a career in public service, working to empower young people to volunteer in their communities. Because I believe that each of us - no matter what our age or background or walk of life - each of us has something to contribute to the life of this nation.
No lying knight or lying priest ever prospered in any age, but especially not in the dark ones. Men prospered then only in following an openly declared purpose, and preaching candidly beloved and trusted creeds.
A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age he dies of being a man.
It is with an old love as it is with old age a man lives to all the miseries, but is dead to all the pleasures.
I cried on my 18th birthday. I thought 17 was such a nice age. Youre young enough to get away with things, but youre old enough, too.
We live in an age when to be young and to be indifferent can be no longer synonymous. We must prepare for the coming hour. The claims of the Future are represented by suffering millions and the Youth of a Nation are the trustees of Posterity.
Age shouldnt affect you. Its just like the size of your shoes - they dont determine how you live your life! Youre either marvellous or youre boring, regardless of your age.
Rashness belongs to youth prudence to old age.
Many believe - and I believe - that I have been designated for this work by God. In spite of my old age, I do not want to give it up I work out of love for God and I put all my hope in Him.
Old age is a tyrant, who forbids, under pain of death, the pleasures of youth.
The defects of the mind, like those of the face, grow worse with age.
The enemy of society is middle class and the enemy of life is middle age.
Some say that the age of chivalry is past, that the spirit of romance is dead. The age of chivalry is never past, so long as there is a wrong left unredressed on earth.
Man has no Body distinct from his Soul for that called Body is a portion of Soul discerned by the five Senses, the chief inlets of Soul in this age.
Do you remember when you were 10 or 11 years old and you really thought your folks were the best? They were completely omniscient and you took their word for everything. And then you got older and you went through this hideous age when suddenly they were the devil, they were bullies, and they didnt know anything.
This is the patent age of new inventions for killing bodies, and for saving souls. All propagated with the best intentions.
The mind that is wise mourns less for what age takes away than what it leaves behind.
The age of chivalry is past. Bores have succeeded to dragons.
Anything you cannot relinquish when it has outlived its usefulness possesses you, and in this materialistic age a great many of us are possessed by our possessions.
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.
Life, an age to the miserable, and a moment to the happy.
We are always the same age inside.
I am, as Ive said, merely competent. But in an age of incompetence, that makes me extraordinary.
Swing voters are more appropriately known as the idiot voters because they have no set of philosophical principles. By the age of fourteen, youre either a Conservative or a Liberal if you have an IQ above a toaster.
If you live to be one hundred, youve got it made. Very few people die past that age.
Old age is far more than white hair, wrinkles, the feeling that it is too late and the game finished, that the stage belongs to the rising generations. The true evil is not the weakening of the body, but the indifference of the soul.
Old age has its pleasures, which, though different, are not less than the pleasures of youth.
Old age is when the liver spots show through your gloves.
There is no absurdity so palpable but that it may be firmly planted in the human head if you only begin to inculcate it before the age of five, by constantly repeating it with an air of great solemnity.
Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization.
Nearly all the powerful people of this age are unbelievers, the best of them in doubt and misery, the most in plodding hesitation, doing as well as they can, what practical work lies at hand.
What is an adult? A child blown up by age.
Intelligent life on a planet comes of age when it first works out the reason for its own existence.
I am of a healthy long lived race, and our minds improve with age.
The wisdom of age: dont stop walking.
As the age of television progresses the Reagans will be the rule, not the exception. To be perfect for television is all a President has to be these days.
Before anything else, we need a new age of Enlightenment. Our present political systems must relinquish their claims on truth, justice and freedom and have to replace them with the search for truth, justice, freedom and reason.
Age is strictly a case of mind over matter. If you dont mind, it doesnt matter.
Im 36 and if I met a woman of my own age and married her, Id also be marrying her former life, her past. It might be OK for some people - I dont want to judge it or anything - but its not for me. It would destroy my creativity.
I believe we should encourage children to sing and play instruments from an early age.
You should not consider a mans age but his acts.
At my age flowers scare me.
I would go out with women my age, but there are no women my age.
It is not well to make great changes in old age.
Setting a good example for your children takes all the fun out of middle age.
You are 27 or 28 right? It is very tough to live at that age. When nothing is sure. I have sympathy with you.
The stars shall fade away, the sun himself Grow dim with age, and nature sink in years, But thou shalt flourish in immortal youth, Unhurt amidst the wars of elements, The wrecks of matter, and the crush of worlds.
Young men soon give, and soon forget, affronts old age is slow in both.
By all but the pathologically romantic, it is now recognized that this is not the age of the small man.
It is not the young people that degenerate they are not spoiled till those of mature age are already sunk into corruption.
To be happy, we must be true to nature and carry our age along with us.
Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young.
It is the malady of our age that the young are so busy teaching us that they have no time left to learn.
Im at peace with myself and where I am. In the past, I was always looking to see how everybody else was doing. I wasnt competitive, I was comparative. I just wanted to be where everybody else was. Now Ive gotten to an age when I am not comparing anymore.
We of Africa protest that, in this day and age, we should continue to be treated as lesser human beings than other races.
Marriage is not about age its about finding the right person.
We have entered an age in which education is not just a luxury permitting some men an advantage over others. It has become a necessity without which a person is defenseless in this complex, industrialized society. We have truly entered the century of the educated man.
Old age is the verdict of life.
The passions grafted on wounded pride are the most inveterate they are green and vigorous in old age.
Every age can be enchanting, provided you live within it.
It is unthinkable for a Frenchman to arrive at middle age without having syphilis and the Cross of the Legion of Honor.
It is folly for an eminent man to think of escaping censure, and a weakness to be affected with it. All the illustrious persons of antiquity, and indeed of every age in the world, have passed through this fiery persecution.
There must be a day or two in a mans life when he is the precise age for something important.
It is old age, rather than death, that is to be contrasted with life. Old age is lifes parody, whereas death transforms life into a destiny: in a way it preserves it by giving it the absolute dimension. Death does away with time.
I dont care about age very much.
Old age and the passage of time teach all things.
I think age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
I had used eclectic therapy and behavior therapy on myself at the age of 19 to get over my fear of public speaking and of approaching young women in public.
Children rarely want to know who their parents were before they were parents, and when age finally stirs their curiosity, there is no parent left to tell them.
Middle age occurs when you are too young to take up golf and too old to rush up to the net.
Old age: I fall asleep during the funerals of my friends.
Staid middle age loves the hurricane passions of opera.
Middle age went by while I was mourning for my lost youth.
In passing, we should note this curious mark of our own age: the only absolute allowed is the absolute insistence that there is no absolute.
Its not catastrophes, murders, deaths, diseases, that age and kill us its the way people look and laugh, and run up the steps of omnibuses.
Not even old age knows how to love death.
Its really amazing that in the age of unbelief, as a smart man called it, there isnt even more fraud. After all, with no God, theres no one to ever call you to account, and no accounting at all if you can get away with it.
I think that a man should not live beyond the age when he begins to deteriorate, when the flame that lighted the brightest moment of his life has weakened.
Temper never mellows with age, and a sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use.
It is not by the gray of the hair that one knows the age of the heart.
I think the sport of wrestling, which I became involved with at the age of 14... I competed until I was 34, kind of old for a contact sport. I coached the sport until I was 47. I think the discipline of wrestling has given me the discipline I have to write.
Another belief of mine that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise.
Age carries all things away, even the mind.
Age steals away all things, even the mind.
In fact, my courage and my bravery at a young age was the thing I was bullied for, a kind of Who do you think you are?
A bad manner spoils everything, even reason and justice a good one supplies everything, gilds a No, sweetens a truth, and adds a touch of beauty to old age itself.
As technology advances, it reverses the characteristics of every situation again and again. The age of automation is going to be the age of do it yourself.
The excess of our youth are checks written against our age and they are payable with interest thirty years later.
At the age when Bengali youth almost inevitably writes poetry, I was listening to European classical music.
I smoke ten to fifteen cigars a day. At my age I have to hold on to something.
Im at the age now where just putting my cigar in its holder is a thrill.
Age becomes reality when you hear someone refer to that attractive young woman standing next to the woman in the green dress, and you find that youre the one in the green dress.
Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?
The nearer people approach old age the closer they return to a semblance of childhood, until the time comes for them to depart this life, again like children, neither tired of living nor aware of death.
Old age is a special problem for me because Ive never been able to shed the mental image I have of myself - a lad of about 19.
People until I was 60 would always say they thought I looked younger, which I think, without flattering myself, I did, but I think I certainly have, as George Orwell says people do after a certain age, the face they deserve.
The one thing that unites all human beings, regardless of age, gender, religion or ethnic background, is that we all believe we are above-average drivers.
Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? Its great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out, but Im not complaining,... Those who find growing old terrible are people who havent done what they wanted with their lives.
As winter strips the leaves from around us, so that we may see the distant regions they formerly concealed, so old age takes away our enjoyments only to enlarge the prospect of the coming eternity.
God employs several translators some pieces are translated by age, some by sickness, some by war, some by justice.
No man was ever so completely skilled in the conduct of life, as not to receive new information from age and experience.
Interest is the spur of the people, but glory that of great souls. Invention is the talent of youth, and judgment of age.
Invention is the talent of youth, as judgment is of age.
Im very pleased to be here. Lets face it, at my age Im very pleased to be anywhere.
I must be more sensible and realize that at my age, illusions are hardly permitted and they will always destroy me.
My age and health will never allow me to realize the dream of art Ive been pursuing all my life.
My husband gave me a necklace. Its fake. I requested fake. Maybe Im paranoid, but in this day and age, I dont want something around my neck thats worth more than my head.
From as long as, literally as far back as I can remember Ive liked puns, word jokes, I can literally recall looking at a comic at the age of six or seven and I remember what I enjoyed and what it was precisely and how the joke worked.
The terror of the atom age is not the violence of the new power but the speed of mans adjustment to it, the speed of his acceptance.
I was born in ancient times, at the end of the world, in a patriarchal Catholic and conservative family. No wonder that by age five I was a raging feminist - although the term had not reached Chile yet, so nobody knew what the heck was wrong with me.
The information encoded in your DNA determines your unique biological characteristics, such as sex, eye color, age and Social Security number.
O love, if I regret the age when one savors you, it is not for the hour of pleasure, but for the one that follows it.
In the television age, the key distinction is between the candidate who can speak poetry and the one who can only speak prose.
Age does not matter if the matter does not age.
Im well past the age where Im acceptable. You get to a certain age and you are forbidden access. Youre not going to get the kind of coverage that you would like in music magazines, youre not going to get played on radio and youre not going to get played on television. I have to survive on word of mouth.
Ours is essentially a tragic age, so we refuse to take it tragically.
Ours is an excessively conscious age. We know so much, we feel so little.
Everybody past a certain age, regardless of how they look on the outside, pretty much constantly dreams of being able to escape from their lives.
One keeps forgetting old age up to the very brink of the grave.
In the age of the individuals liquidation, the question of individuality must be raised anew.
I ask you to pray for me, for once age has overtaken us, we find consolation only in religion.
Today more than ever we need creative minds to address the issues of the age. And one of the most urgent is this: How can humanity know so much, achieve so much, and still fail so many people so badly?
Women lie about their age men lie about their income.
A major advantage of age is learning to accept people without passing judgment.
The people who live in a golden age usually go around complaining how yellow everything looks.
There was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I am old, there is no respect for age, I missed it coming and going.
Everyone knows that by far the happiest and universally enjoyable age of man is the first. What is there about babies which makes us hug and kiss and fondle them, so that even an enemy would give them help at that age?
Well, Im in my 60s now. I finally look it, I think. People until I was 60 would always say they thought I looked younger, which I think, without flattering myself, I did, but I think I certainly have, as George Orwell says people do after a certain age, the face they deserve.
Save your money. Youre going to need twice as much money in your old age as you think.
If you read back in the Bible, the letter of the apostle Paul to the church of Thessalonia, he said that in the latter days before the end of the age that the Earth would be caught up in what he called the birth pangs of a new order.
There is no self-knowledge but an historical one. No one knows what he himself is who does not know his fellow men, especially the most prominent one of the community, the masters master, the genius of the age.
Middle age is when your old classmates are so grey and wrinkled and bald they dont recognize you.
In this electronic age we see ourselves being translated more and more into the form of information, moving toward the technological extension of consciousness.
You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come in contact with a new idea.
The sanitary and mechanical age we are now entering makes up for the mercy it grants to our sense of smell by the ferocity with which it assails our sense of hearing.
Middle age is when youve met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.
There are people whose watch stops at a certain hour and who remain permanently at that age.
My justification is that most people my age spend a lot of time thinking about what theyre going to do for the next five or ten years. The time they spend thinking about their life, I just spend drinking.
They that have lived a single day have lived an age.
From the age of fifteen, dogma has been the fundamental principle of my religion: I know no other religion I cannot enter into the idea of any other sort of religion religion, as a mere sentiment, is to me a dream and a mockery.
The class distinctions proper to a democratic society are not those of rank or money, still less, as is apt to happen when these are abandoned, of race, but of age.
Old age, calm, expanded, broad with the haughty breadth of the universe, old age flowing free with the delicious near-by freedom of death.
We are living in the machine age. For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine. Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion.
At a certain age it just became apparent to me that this was probably the work that I would have to do.
Genius is present in every age, but the men carrying it within them remain benumbed unless extraordinary events occur to heat up and melt the mass so that it flows forth.
Every age needs men who will redeem the time by living with a vision of the things that are to be.
I would like to see more airplay for all artists, no matter what age. I think theres a lot of money being spent toward the young guys, but a lot of the older guys are the ones who blazed the trail for those young guys.
In my old age, Ill be in L.A.
I shall not grow conservative with age.
I first learned that there were black people living in some place called other than the United States in the western hemisphere when I was a very little boy, and my father told me that when he was a boy about my age, he wanted to be an Episcopal priest, because he so admired his priest, a black man from someplace called Haiti.
Why should 20-year-olds only be considered sexy? I think we get better with age.
I saw how many people were poor and how many kids my age went to school hungry in the morning, which I dont think most of my contemporaries in racially segregated schools in the South thought very much about at the time.
When you get to my age life seems little more than one long march to and from the lavatory.
I think, if you put a camera in anyones life and document it daily from the age of 21 to 27, there are going to be things that arent always pretty.
Non-disclosure in the Internet Age is quickly perceived as a breach of trust. Government, corporations and each of us as individuals must recalibrate how we live and share our lives appropriate to the information now available and the expectations of others.
Where children are, there is the golden age.
Sure I played, did you think I was born at the age of 70 sitting in a dugout trying to manage guys like you?
To be free in an age like ours, one must be in a position of authority. That in itself would be enough to make me ambitious.
I came to water late. I learned to swim at the age of 20.
People are so busy dreaming the American Dream, fantasizing about what they could be or have a right to be, that theyre all asleep at the switch. Consequently we are living in the Age of Human Error.
I was getting hot flashes and sweats on a regular basis. Thats not normal, even for my age.
I remember at the age of five travelling on a trolley car with my mother past a group of women on a picket line at a textile plant, seeing them being viciously beaten by security people. So that kind of thing stayed with me.
Age is not all decay it is the ripening, the swelling, of the fresh life within, that withers and bursts the husk.
I knew at a young age, whether I was playing baseball or hockey or lacrosse, that my teammates were counting on me, whether it be to strike the last batter out in a baseball game or score a big goal in a hockey game.
The funniest racism is the racism between minorities. Its something you dont see dramatized, but almost every minority I know whos my age, they have these funny stories about their parents stereotyping other minorities.
Its ironic that at age 32, at probably the greatest moment of my career, with The Godfather having such an enormous success, I wasnt even aware of it, because I was somewhere else under the deadline again.
Im asked all the time in interviews about who I am, and I know a few people my age who have a strong sense of self, but I couldnt say I know myself and sum it up and give it to you in a little package. I dont know myself at all yet.
Alexander at the head of the world never tasted the true pleasure that boys of his own age have enjoyed at the head of a school.
To separate children from others of similar age and qualifications solely because of their race generates a feeling of inferiority as to their status in the community that may affect their hearts and minds in a way unlikely ever to be undone.
In an age of incompetence, Ive been able to last in this crazy business. I actually know how to play my ax and write a song. Thats my job.
In this age of media and Internet access, we are much more talkative than ever before.
Over the years Woodstock got glorified and romanticised and became the event that symbolised Utopia. Its the last page of our collective memory of the age of innocence. Then things turned ugly and would never be the same again.
Every time I see something terrible, its like I see it at age 19. I keep a freshness that way.
I hate to mention age, but I come from an era when we werent consumed by technology and television.
We are approaching a new age of synthesis. Knowledge cannot be merely a degree or a skill... it demands a broader vision, capabilities in critical thinking and logical deduction without which we cannot have constructive progress.
Morality comes with the sad wisdom of age, when the sense of curiosity has withered.
Every age yearns for a more beautiful world. The deeper the desperation and the depression about the confusing present, the more intense that yearning.
To be told that one can be dependent on ones parents until age 26 should strike a young person who wants to grow up as demeaning, not as something to celebrate.
Does age matter? Time doesnt matter.
I figured out it was a social thing, what women were allowed to do. At a very young age, I decided I was not going to follow womens rules.
We were really grown up for our age and it was an incredible special band.
Age is the first limitation on roles that Ive ever had to encounter, and I hit that awhile ago.
I cant hit on women in public any more. I didnt decide this it just doesnt feel right at my age.
This is the first age thats ever paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
I feel we live in the kind of culture now where you have to be very smart to navigate the right way, and I just dont have those smarts. I think with age and time it will change, but I cant obsess about it.
The secret of long life is double careers. One to about age sixty, then another for the next thirty years.
I knew at an early age I wanted to act. Acting was always easy for me. I dont believe in predestination, but I do believe that once you get where ever it is you are going, that is where you were going to be.
The age in which we live, this non-stop distraction, is making it more impossible for the young generation to ever have the curiosity or discipline... because you need to be alone to find out anything.
I can feel the 60S looming. In my profession, Ive just moved along with my age. By thinking in decades, rather than whether someones 42 or 47, you can give yourself a whole 10 years to turn yourself around in.
We all know now that people can look good for their age. It isnt so extraordinary, I dont know why people go on about it so much.
A lot of music you might listen to is pretty vapid, it doesnt always deal with our deeper issues. These are the things Im interested in now, particularly at my age.
Life expectancy in many parts of Africa can be something around the age of thirty five to thirty eight. I mean youre very fortunate if you live to that age. In fact when I went to Uganda for the first time one of the things that occurred to me was that I saw very few elderly people.
Light and funny has a more compelling quality when youre younger. But I havent abandoned the genre: I love falling down I love Lucille Ball. Its just that a lot of those stories revolve around problems that I cant convincingly portray at this age.
I had the good fortune to be able to right an injustice that I thought was being heaped on young people by lowering the voting age, where you had young people that were old enough to die in Vietnam but not old enough to vote for their members of Congress that sent them there.
The value of old age depends upon the person who reaches it. To some men of early performance it is useless. To others, who are late to develop, it just enables them to finish the job.
Ive gotten crankier in my old age.
Ive been very competitive by nature from a young age, whether it was eating a bowl of pasta faster than somebody else, or always wanting to be the first one in line.
Death comes not to the living soul, nor age to the loving heart.
Im not busy... a woman with three children under the age of 10 wouldnt think my schedule looked so busy.
High expectations werent nurtured in my neck of nowhere back then - children werent fawned over from an early age as gifted and groomed for a prizewinning future self-esteem was considered something you had to pick from the garden yourself.
Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired.
Whoever marries the spirit of this age will find himself a widower in the next.
Of middle age the best that can be said is that a middle-aged person has likely learned how to have a little fun in spite of his troubles.
Old age is always wakeful as if, the longer linked with life, the less man has to do with aught that looks like death.
What I think is amazing is not that 85% of people who get married under the age of 25 get divorced, its that 15% of them stay together. How did they manage to pull that off? You almost cant wait too long. Its the single simplest measure to predict divorce.
I avoid talking before the youth of the age as I would dancing before them: for if ones tongue dont move in the steps of the day, and thinks to please by its old graces, it is only an object of ridicule.
Im glad I was born when I was. My time was the golden age of variety. If I were starting out again now, maybe things would happen for me, but it certainly would not be on a variety show with 28 musicians, 12 dancers, two major guest stars, 50 costumes a week by Bob Mackie. The networks just wouldnt spend the money today.
I was taught from a young age that many people would treat me as a second-class citizen because I was African-American and because I was female.
Even from a very early age, I knew I didnt want to miss out on anything life had to offer just because it might be considered dangerous.
We live in an age where anonymity is growing in magnitude like a bomb going off.
I was a mixture of being incredibly old for my age and incredibly backwards. I was born quite old, but then I stopped growing. I lived with my mum and dad till I was 30.
The Word of fire burns today On the lips of our prophets in an evil age.
What is wrong with the Iranians in addition to the nuclear bomb? This is the only country on Earth in the 21st century that has renewed imperialistic ambitions. They really want to become the hegemon of the Middle East in an age that gave up imperialism.
I think its quite extraordinary that people cast me as if Im Warren Beatty: until I met my present wife, at the age of 35, you could name two girlfriends.
Craziest thing Ive done for love is getting married. I think its crazy. I think its crazy, crazy, crazy. Im never going to say I wouldnt do it again but I have to make sure its love and not settling for the I have to do this by a certain age, which is kind of what I did.
You never choose the way that youre raised, its just the way that you were raised, but you do get to a certain age where youre in a position to question the expectations of you and the way that youve been formed by your surroundings.
We tried not to age, but time had its rage.
I want to age with some dignity.
This is my 20th year in the sport. Ive known swimming and thats it. I dont want to swim past age 30 if I continue after this Olympics, and come back in 2016, Ill be 31. Im looking forward to being able to see the other side of the fence.
Young man, the secret of my success is that an early age I discovered that I was not God.
Id like to talk about free markets. Information in the computer age is the last genuine free market left on earth except those free markets where indigenous people are still surviving. And thats basically becoming limited.
I would often find myself, at the age of 21, at midnight, running down a dark street on my own with 10 men chasing me. And the fact they had cameras in their hands made that legal.
Bring a wife home to your house when you are of the right age, not far short of 30 years, nor much above this is the right time for marriage.
There are only two things a child will share willingly communicable diseases and its mothers age.
Although it is generally known, I think its about time to announce that I was born at a very early age.
I think its your mental attitude. So many of us start dreading age in high school and thats a waste of a lovely life. Oh... Im 30, oh, Im 40, oh, 50. Make the most of it.
No, no, I was only funny on stage, really. I, I, think I was funny as a person toward my classmates when I was very young. You know, when I was a child, up to about the age of 12.
What goes on in Europe concerns us greatly because, if Europe comes apart, the E.U. comes apart, then youre going to have enormous impact on America, thats a very big trading partner of ours, and people own securities around the world in this day and age.
Your body actually reminds you about your age and your injuries - the body has a stronger memory than your mind.
People dance at any age.
I never had little brothers, so I was totally not used to hearing a lot of cussing at a young age! I learned what pull my finger meant the hard way.
My sister and I shared a bedroom our entire lives and I believe she discovered the Beatles when she was about 11 and Im four years younger. So from the age of 7 until 17 we had nothing but Beatles paraphernalia in our room, even those little stuffed Beatles that went on stands that are dressed as the Sgt. Pepper band.
But look, I was born in 1956, the peak year for births in US history. I think Im very representative of many of the thought processes my generation have been through and, by and large, people of my age have had their imprint planted on the consciousness of western society for a long time.
I basically get stereotyped a lot in terms of being a girl and writing chick music for teenage girls or something. I think, if anything, the press kind of, because of my gender and my age, tends to kind of relegate my work to this sort of special-interest group. Its part of the cultural dynamic, I guess.
What is amazing for a woman of my age is that I change as the world is changing-and changing very, very fast. I dont think my mother had that opportunity to change.
Ive never worried about age.
To me age is a number, just a number. Who cares?
If youre extremely, painfully frightened of age, it shows.
For a man who has compared himself to Theodore Roosevelt and the nations challenges to those of the Gilded Age, Obama put forward a tepid agenda.
I wrote a screenplay for a Sweet Valley High adaptation, and its really amazing to me how many women who are my age have responded to the idea and are excited about the movie.
Let age, not envy, draw wrinkles on thy cheeks.
Heres my Golden Rule for a tarnished age: Be fair with others, but keep after them until theyre fair with you.
Children under five are the poorest age group in America, and one in four infants, toddlers and preschoolers are poor during the years of greatest brain development.
Everyone talks about age, but its not about age. Its about work ethic. Winning never gets old.
Age is a terrible avenger. The lessons of life give you so much to work with, but by the time youve got all this great wisdom, you dont get to be young anymore.
Science cannot tell theology how to construct a doctrine of creation, but you cant construct a doctrine of creation without taking account of the age of the universe and the evolutionary character of cosmic history.
I came of age believing that, no matter what happened, I would always be able to support myself.
It is not classified as a pagan religion. The so-called New Age activities and this are not called religions and therefore dont come under the prohibition of mingling church and state that we have in this country.
No sex, age, or condition is above or below the absolute necessity of modesty but without it one vastly beneath the rank of man.
People tend to become more emotionally intelligent as they age and mature.
With age, you get to a place where you dont want to knock people out. You just want to give people a hug.
Age is no barrier. Its a limitation you put on your mind.
Whoever, fleeing marriage and the sorrows that women cause, does not wish to wed comes to a deadly old age.
Age has been the perfect fire extinguisher for flaming youth.
I prefer younger men. In some ways, they are much more open to a woman being stronger and independent then some of the men my age.
You have to be desirable. And thats why so many woman of my age or even younger are pushed to Botox and plastic surgery, all the things that people say, Why do women do this? Where do you go in your 50s in your career?
It is my art. I am better at it than I ever was. And I will do it as long as I can. When you reach a certain age you can slough off what is unnecessary and concentrate on what is. And why not?
I feel like a lot of the female relationships I see on TV or in movies are in some way free of the kind of jealousy and anxiety and posturing that has been such a huge part of my female friendships, which I hope lessens a little bit with age.
At my age, no one is married, no one has kids, no one has a career.
One of the many pleasures of old age is giving things up.
Theres also some element of coming of age during the Reagan administration, which everybody has painted as some glorious time in America, but I remember as being a very, very dark time. There was apocalypse in the air the punk rock movement made sense.
If you explode onto the scene at a very young age, there are so many people pulling you in different directions. It takes time to recalibrate and see whats important.
Situational unawareness in the private marketplace or on the battlefield will cost you your livelihood or your life. In the Age of Obama, however, such willful ignorance is a job prerequisite. The less you know the better.
We virtually never feel our age, but thinking that we should can lead to disaster.
We grew up in a very creative environment and were exposed to the arts at a very young age, so its not a surprise that all of us are in some form of the arts.
I want to be part of the resurgence of things that are tangible, beautiful and soulful, rather than just give in to the digital age. But when I talk to people about this they just say, Yeah, I know what you mean, and stare at their mobiles.
I wanted to do two things when I was growing up, about your age. I wanted to play in the NBA, and I wanted to be a businessman after my basketball career was over, and that is what I am doing now.
The idea of regretting not doing this seemed insane to me. Sitting in the corner at a bar at age 60, saying: I couldve been Bond. Buy me a drink. Thats the saddest place I could be. At least now at 60 I can say: I was Bond. Now buy me a drink.
Theres a vintage which comes with age and experience.
Its not the normal way to look at things but I experienced death at a really young age and because of that its been part of my mental landscape that death is really very possible.
Ive an enormous respect for my mother who at the age of 39 raised three children, and I grew up with my grandmother in the household. And so it was a really strong household of women - my poor brother! It was great growing up with so many generations of women.
Every age develops its own peculiar forms of pathology, which express in exaggerated form its underlying character structure.
I love my kids, and the moments I have with them, and its kind of weird, its such an age old cliche, but the way that my sons, the way they make me feel when I look at them, the way they say things, no one else would probably react to them, but its a special thing for me.
Theres a very small group of elite actresses who are my age, who people want to work with. Its not easy to get a good job with good actors.
A final word: I am not knowledgeable about the internet. I do not have a computer. I guess that at 74 years of age, I dont have the patience to learn.
It lies in human nature that where you experience your first laughs, you also remember the age kindly.
We tried not to age, but time had its rage.
Michelle Pfeiffer hasnt been finding a lot of work recently because she doesnt like what a woman her age is offered. Thats a real double standard. You get Sean Connery, who gets older and older, still playing opposite young ladies, but it doesnt work the other way around.
Old age and treachery will always beat youth and exuberance.
My wife and I, unlike many intellectuals, spent five years working on assembly lines. We came to fully understand the criticisms of the industrial age, in which you are an appendage of a machine that sets the pace.
Even one voice can be heard loudly all over the world in this day and age.
At this age, I should be leading a quiet life.
Any new financial order for the world must tackle the three chief challenges of our age.
There are signs that the age of petroleum has passed its zenith. Adjusted for inflation, a barrel of crude oil now sells for three times its long-run average. The large western oil companies, which cartellised the industry for much of the 20th century, are now selling more oil than they find, and are thus in the throes of liquidation.
With the song This Christmas I wanted to do something that was kind of different. I mean, Donny Hathaway is an amazing artist. So I wanted to bring my flavor to the song so when people over the age of 45 or 50 hear it theyll be like OK, he did his thing with that record. Its like I can appeal to everybody and not just a younger demographic.
In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to ones beloved.
Rereading A.J. Liebling carries me happily back to an age when all good journalists knew they had plenty to be modest about, and were.
Reason is a crutch for age, but youth is strong enough to walk alone.
Whats a mans age? He must hurry more, thats all Cram in a day, what his youth took a year to hold.
What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew.
A face to lose youth for, to occupy age With the dream of, meet death with.
I believe the true function of age is memory. Im recording as fast as I can.
So Harry Potter came in and it is nice that I have kids of the right age. I took them to London and they walked around the set and met Harry Potter and that is thrilling.
All we can do when we think of kids today is think of more hours of school, earlier age at the computer, and curfews. Who would want to grow up in that world?
The reason for the sadness of this modern age and the men who live in it is that it looks for the truth in everything and finds it.
No, but way before that, Ive been doing little dances in movies for years. Yeah, that was an amazing chance. You know, at my age to be able to do a music dance video, very unusual.
There probably arent a lot of actors my age who tap dance.
I started auditioning when I was about 10 and I didnt get my first job until I was 12, and two years at that age is really hard.
I remember being in Hollywood at the age of 16 and marveling at the stars. The idea of being part of it never entered my mind. It was too far-fetched.
The older generation had greater respect for land than science. But we live in an age when science, more than soil, has become the provider of growth and abundance. Living just on the land creates loneliness in an age of globality.
One of my grandfathers, actually, having gone out there as a minister, decided he would better serve the people as a doctor. So at a very late age - at the age of 38 in fact - he changed course and decided to become a doctor.
Im totally into new age and self-help books. I used to work in a bookstore and thats the section they gave me, and I got way into it. I just loved the power of positive thinking, letting yourself go.
Its the kind of clothes that mothers and daughters can wear, in terms of concept... Its not about age. Its about taste, and its about lifestyle. I believe women of all ages can wear anything.
The reason for the slow progress of the world seems to lie in a single fact. Every man is born under the yoke, and grows up beneath the oppressions of his age.
A newspaper is lumber made malleable. It is ink made into words and pictures. It is conceived, born, grows up and dies of old age in a day.
Just as we reject racism, sexism, ageism, and heterosexism, we reject speciesism. The species of a sentient being is no more reason to deny the protection of this basic right than race, sex, age, or sexual orientation is a reason to deny membership in the human moral community to other humans.
I am a grandmother now, and that means age is creeping on, creeping on.
I love things that age well - things that dont date, that stand the test of time and that become living examples of the absolute best.
Many women my age have known the experience of giving up crucial parts of themselves to please the man they love.
American Idol transcends age, gender, ethnicity, everything.
You get to a certain age and you cant judge yourself on your dad or your parents.
Id like to look like Madonna when Im her age. I also look at athletes and love their bodies. Ive always wanted to be muscly, not skinny. A lot of women yo-yo around, but Im always aware if Im getting a bit out of shape. I never look at the scales but I can just tell. It goes on my tum and bum.
I could always sing, from a really young age, but my voice was really weird. I used to make my mum turn up the radio every day in our house. She was well into music so I got that from her.
I think women get caught up too much in having a plan - Im going to get married at this age Im going to have a kid at this age - and then they just try to find a guy who will fit into that picture. I dont want my life to be based on that.
I was always concerned with writing to my age at a particular moment. That was the way I would keep faith with the audience that supported me as I went along.
Experts tell us that 90% of all brain development occurs by the age of five. If we dont begin thinking about education in the early years, our children are at risk of falling behind by the time they start Kindergarten.
When I was seventeen, I worked as a counsellor at a co-ed sleep-away camp for eight weeks. I loved it but it could be harrowing - it was far too much responsibility for someone my age.
Music has always been my protection against the world, from a very young age. I feel safe inside of a jam.
We are the children of a technological age. We have found streamlined ways of doing much of our routine work. Printing is no longer the only way of reproducing books. Reading them, however, has not changed.
Religion is the best antidote to the individualism of the consumer age. The idea that society can do without it flies in the face of history and, now, evolutionary biology.
Religiosity turns out to be the best indicator of civic involvement: its more accurate than education, age, income, gender or race.
The year I was born, 1956, was the peak year for babies being born, and there are more people essentially our age than anybody else. We could crush these new generations if we decided too.
Adulthood is the ever-shrinking period between childhood and old age. It is the apparent aim of modern industrial societies to reduce this period to a minimum.
I was born at the age of twelve on a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer lot.
We live in an age of instant knowledge. And theres almost a sense of entitlement to that.
Its the golden age of French cinema again but its because Sarkozy had the guts to push through copyright law.
I started in the restaurant business at the age of 19 as a waitress. I loved the atmosphere and the camaraderie of the restaurant business. I loved not having to go to an office. I loved making people happy.
My view is pensioners dont have the one option that people of working age have. They cant really increase their income, because they are no longer able to work.
Work is transformative. It gives you a greater chance of a greater income. You can affect your life while youre of working age, so you have scope and opportunity. Pensioners do not.
I think you cant really escape any kind of spiritual education as a child, whether its New Age or Judaism or Buddhism or whatever it is. You cant escape it, even if you completely disagree with it, you still have it as a foundation that you base things off of.
At my age the only problem is with remembering names. When I call everyone darling, it has damn all to do with passionately adoring them, but I know Im safe calling them that. Although, of course, I adore them too.
What I really tried to do with Helen was make her show this sad side of her. She was married off at 16, was so young and living in this castle that cant leave because of how she looks, and married to a man she hates and three times her age.
I never took guitar lessons. I took classical piano lessons from the age of six when we lived in Holland. And when we moved to America, it was just the typical thing except I was really good at it so was my brother.
I never took guitar lessons. I took classical piano lessons from the age of six when we lived in Holland.
When I write about a 15-year old, I jump, I return to the days when I was that age. Its like a time machine. I can remember everything. I can feel the wind. I can smell the air. Very actually. Very vividly.
We live in an age, in an era where there is so much negativity, there is so much violence in the world, there is so much unrest and people are at war, that I wanted to promote the word love and red signifies love.
Im 20 years old. I like to party as much as anyone my age. Going clubbing is my way of relaxing or releasing a lot of stress. I dont feel that I should have to justify that part of my life. I dont know that Im necessarily an addict.
I am happy being able to play roles with people my age because once you do something really mature there is no turning back.
Compared to a lot of actresses my age, Im actually overweight.
This is what I asked for, and in this day and age thats what actually goes on. But what hurts me the most is that I work just as hard as any other actress around my age, like Scarlett Johansson, but I just dont get the opportunities that they get because people are so distracted by the mess that I created in my life.
At a young age, I was interested in comic books, which was really how I learnt to read. The name Cage came from a comic book character called Power Man.
There is a certain age at which a child looks at you in all earnestness and delivers a long, pleased speech in all the true inflections of spoken English, but with not one recognizable syllable.
I cant wait to be that age and hanging out with a bunch of people hanging out all day playing golf and going to the beach, all my own age. Wed be laughing and having a good time and getting loopy on our prescription drugs. Driving golf carts around. I cant wait.
I would love a family. Im at the age where the wish for a child gets stronger. But who knows.
I love physical kinds of comedy and getting down and dirty and doing stunts. When I was growing up, I was always getting into fights with guys and usually punching out boys my age because I was a lot bigger and tougher. So Im naturally accustomed to putting myself into the headspace of a girl who can take care of herself.
Love, with very young people, is a heartless business. We drink at that age from thirst, or to get drunk it is only later in life that we occupy ourselves with the individuality of our wine.
Age for me is just a number.
You hit a certain age and - especially because of TV - the young cooks coming up say, Youre a sellout, because youre doing something other than what you should be doing. Top Chef is a double-edged sword for me: Theres a whole group of people who will not come to the restaurants because they assume Im not in them anymore, all I do is TV.
Some of your teachers are actually closer in age to you than you think.
From an early age I didnt buy into the value systems of working hard in a nine-to-five job. I thought creativity, friendship and loyalty and pushing the boundaries of what was acceptable was much more interesting.
I didnt have any success in show business until I was 30 to 31 years of age.
I hate the idea that you shouldnt wear something just because youre a certain age.
I am firmly of the opinion that women who make a lot of effort to hang onto their looks in middle age (unless they are beauties, entertainers or prostitutes) are rather sad, as one should surely have something more substantial to recommend one by this time, such as kindness or cleverness.
As a precocious teen I dreamed of being Graham Greene. Well, as it turned out, I never wrote a great novel, sadly, and I never converted to Catholicism, happily, but I did do one thing he did. That is, in middle age I moved to a seaside town and got into a right barney with the local powers-that-be.
Age should not have its face lifted, but it should rather teach the world to admire wrinkles as the etchings of experience and the firm line of character.
Age is only a number, a cipher for the records. A man cant retire his experience. He must use it. Experience achieves more with less energy and time.
To me, old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
I wear clothes that most people in the Midwest would probably deem inappropriate at my age. And I rock a bikini all summer long. I know that its not normal, but I just dont care. I live once.
Ive lost touch with a lot of that boutique-type music just because of my age, and raising my son and the multiple jobs I have at this point.
Theres no way to approach anything in an objective way. Were completely subjective our view of the world is completely controlled by who we are as human beings, as men or women, by our age, our history, our profession, by the state of the world.
Age is not measured by years. Nature does not equally distribute energy. Some people are born old and tired while others are going strong at seventy.
Maybe it is something to do with age, but I have become fonder of poetry than of prose.
When I was younger, my whole sense of self-worth was based on whether or not I was working, which was awful. And I had a baby at 20 years old, so it wasnt just about me. At around the age of 30 there was a stretch where I wasnt working - certainly not on anything I liked, anyway - and I started to do other things.
I grew up on the golden age of childrens TV.
I do wish I could tell you my age but its impossible. It keeps changing all the time.
Pretend to be dumb, thats the only way to reach old age.
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as youre learning youre not old.
The history of my life must begin by the earliest circumstance which my memory can evoke it will therefore commence when I had attained the age of eight years and four months.
We are in an electronic technology age now and its about time we put away the old stuff.
At the age of 20 I bought a used Fiat 127. This was the only one I could afford!
At my age, I dont think anyone is untouched by cancer.
We try, we fail, we posture, we aspire, we pontificate - and then we age, shrink, die, and vanish.
My habit would have been to veer towards the dark - to prove I was something edgy, or maybe to prove that I was cognisant of the dark side. Now, with age and confidence, I can say, yeah, thats true, but I am cognisant of the fact that people can do things well. And can be more loving than you expect.
It is not possible to live in this age if you dont have a sense of many contradictory forces.
Im very accepting with my age. Its like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when youve become comfortable in your skin.
You need some insecurity if youre an actor. It keeps the pot boiling. I havent yet started to think about retiring. I was shocked when I heard about Paul Newman retiring at age 82. Most actors just fade away like old soldiers.
Its hard for women at my age in Hollywood, but Im not discouraged.
Were still living with the old paradigm of age as an arch. Thats the old metaphor: Youre born, you peak at midlife and decline into decrepitude.
We can no longer waste time and money. Every day, more than 2,000 girls in America, age 15-19, give birth - in the wealthiest, most educated nation in the world! Neither you nor I should accept this statistic.
The reality is sobering: in the United States one in three girls will become pregnant before age 20, totaling more than 750,000 girls per year.
I am hoping for peaceful transition into a new age. Obama has already played a great role in initiating us into that vision. If he were to be harmed in any way, it would spawn the birth of a million Obamas.
I definitely dont look my age. So I actively look for roles that will help people change their perception of me.
The age thing really bugs me. Do people have more of a right to not like what I say because Im 19?
There are a lot of downsides to being male. We age faster and die younger. But give us this: were lifetime baby-making machines. Womens reproductive abilities start to wane when theyre as young as 35. Men? Were good to go pretty much till were dead.
Older fatherhood isnt all bad: testosterone rates drop about 1% per year as men age, making them less reactive and more patient, and a professionally established middle-aged man is likely to have more time and money to devote to his kids than a twenty-something whos just getting started.
Credit or debit cards, for starters, are nothing short of shoppers Novocain. Even in the age of digital purchases and virtual money, we still attach a special value to dirty paper with pictures of presidents on it. Handing some of that to a cashier simply hurts more than handing over a little sliver of plastic.
When it comes to raising civilized kids there are no hard rules, but there are two things on which most parents agree: Boys are generally wilder than girls, and adolescents are wilder than kids of any other age. If youve got an adolescent boy, youre in the sweet spot for trouble.
It seems to me there is a change in what audiences want to see. I can only hope thats correct, because theres an awful lot of people of my age around now and we outnumber the others.
A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight.
In Hollywood, you play a mom, and the next thing you know, youre on The Golden Girls. They age you so fast.
A great age of literature is perhaps always a great age of translations.
I cant get my knickers in a twist about my age and ageing in an industry that caters to the ids of 14-year-olds.
I was living on the wrong side of the tracks in Evanston, Illinois, in a home for boys. We had these Jackson 5 records. I really related to their voices - they were about my age, but they were doing it.
By age seven, I used to comb my hair for performances, just pull my hair up into a bun. Granted, it wasnt a very intricate hairstyle. Still, to be that responsible and disciplined at age seven is unusual.
It begins and ends with money. Its absurd in this day and age when we need so much money for education, health, for people, that a $100 million dollars can be spent on a film. Its obscene.
I am at that age when you panic at the slightest thing.
Being gay and being a woman has one big thing in common, which is that we both become invisible after the age of 42. Who wants a gay 50-year-old? No one, let me tell you.
I began to speak well at a very advanced age - 15, 16, 17 years old. It was psychological: the trauma of war, my family and growing up on my own. I was more or less a street kid.
We Jews have a special attachment to the Book. The study of page after page in tomes yellowing with age was obligatory.
Having come to live in this age is as though one were to have entered another country. Learn its language or risk being left out.
I dont want to look at other people my age in leather. Why would I put it on?
I believe that the fight against crime starts in the home. Parents must take responsibility for their children and show them love and guidance from an early age so they learn to respect the rights of others.
At an early age, I started my own paper route. Once I saw how you could service people and do a good job and get paid for it, I just wanted to be the best I could be in whatever I did.
Middle age: when you begin to exchange your emotions for symptoms.
Brain power improves by brain use, just as our bodily strength grows with exercise. And there is no doubt that a large proportion of the female population, from school days to late middle age, now have very complicated lives indeed.
I began to understand my sensations, to know what I wanted, at around the age of forty - but only vaguely.
I grew up on a farm in a small town where you do or say one thing and everybody knows about it. You see it happen, theres always the town gossip - Oh did you hear about so and so, or did you hear what went on in this household? So I learned at a very young age just to keep my mouth shut.
If you love somebody, you love them. My parents had a 25-year age gap between them and my mum was the breadwinner, my dad the house husband. Im a strong believer that a good relationship can work, whatever the situation.
The Border Ballads, for instance, and the Robin Hood Ballads, clearly suppose a state of society which is nothing but a very circumscribed and not very important heroic age.
By the age of 9 or 10, I knew that I had to cut my own cloth and make my own way.
When youre my age and you see a story, you better go for it pretty quickly. Id just like to get a few more novels under my belt.
Catholics and evangelicals need to remain allied, and in solidarity, against the increasingly aggressive secularism of our age.
I dont know whether its age or maturity, but I certainly find myself committed more and more to the looser forms of Western democracy at any price.
Losing both parents at a young age gave me a sense that you cant really control life - so youd better live it while its here. I stopped believing in a storybook existence a long time ago. All you can do is push in a direction and see what comes of it.
Old age is not a disease - it is strength and survivorship, triumph over all kinds of vicissitudes and disappointments, trials and illnesses.
I was a very sickly kid. While I was in the hospital at age 7, my Dad brought me a stack of comic books to keep me occupied. I was hooked.
Study until twenty-five, investigation until forty, profession until sixty, at which age I would have him retired on a double allowance.
In the digital age of overnight success stories such as Facebook, the hard slog is easily overlooked.
The greatest writers of this age... are aware of the mystery of our existence.
The chief role of the universities is to prolong adolescence into middle age, at which point early retirement ensures that we lack the means or the will to enforce significant change.
My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship. I watched them over the years and saw how they dealt with everything together, as a team.
My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship.
At my age it is unseemly to be pessimistic.
I dont know why people are so obsessed with age anyway. I mean, 90 is the new 70 70 is the new 50 and 50 is the new 40 so the whole act-your-age thing? Only up to a point.
I dont look my age, I dont feel my age and I dont act my age. To me age is just a number.
I believe that parents need to make nutrition education a priority in their home environment. Its crucial for good health and longevity to instill in your children sound eating habits from an early age.
Most poetry in the modern age has retreated to the private sphere, turning its back on the political realm.
We incorporated new tastes and flavors into our kids diets from a very early age, which helped to develop their palates and prevented them from becoming picky eaters. We dont buy junk food and give them options of fresh fruit, yogurt, raw almonds, or dried whole grain cereals for snack time.
Filth and old age, Im sure you will agree, are powerful wardens upon chastity.
It has been claimed at times that our modern age of technology facilitates dictatorship.
Working on the Ice Age movies, Im really proud to be in them.
No Congress ever has seen fit to amend the Constitution to address any issue related to marriage. No Constitutional Amendment was needed to ban polygamy or bigamy, nor was a Constitutional Amendment needed to set a uniform age of majority to ban child marriages.
Were taught at such a young age that you can always be better and that youre never perfect and that youre never good enough.
The young people have MTV and rock and roll. Why would they go to read poetry? Poetry belongs to the Stone Age. It awakens in us perceptions that go back to those times.
Study is the bane of childhood, the oil of youth, the indulgence of adulthood, and a restorative in old age.
Because of my age and because theres more work on the small screen. What its missing in quality it makes up for in quantity. From an actors selfish point of view.
Old age is an insult. Its like being smacked.
Age puzzles me. I thought it was a quiet time. My seventies were interesting and fairly serene, but my eighties are passionate. I grow more intense as I age.
One of the great challenges of our age, in which the tools of our productivity are also the tools of our leisure, is to figure out how to make more useful those moments of procrastination when were idling in front of our computer screens.
I happen to be interested in watching a face age. I like faces of women aging so it makes me personally quite sad. Thats a beautiful gift from God. If people dont want to see that anymore then I wont be in anymore movies.
Never say never, but the thought of electively cutting oneself is beyond my grasp, and I also object to it politically. Denying the lines on our faces makes a comment about age and wisdom I dont care to make.
People pay to see movies with women looking beautiful, but I think there will be a place for me to play women looking my own age.
Theres a small club of women who are willing to age.
I hope to find the roles that are age appropriate but not yearning to be younger, or parenting ad nauseam.
I try to write lyrics so that they wont age, which sort of leaves you with the big subjects like death and love and sex and violence.
In the modern media age we are rarely surprised by what we see. Whether its on television or film or in the theatre, everything is so advertised, so trailed, that most entertainment is merely what you thought it was going to be like.
Your 40s are a major trough. About the age of 50, feelings of satisfaction begin to rebound and keep rising into your 50s, 60s and 70s, with health being a major factor.
I came back to work when my children were two months old. At that early age, they seem to have little awareness of anybody but their Raggedy Ann dolls, so it wasnt a matter of them missing me. I was missing them.
Being successful at a very young age gave me the confidence and the capability to try out other things.
About the time I turned 50, I experienced the profound biological change that often accompanies women at that age. Also, I put two kids in college and lost both of my parents, so Im no longer somebodys daughter.
I feel more mature than most people my age.
Age does not bring you wisdom, age brings you wrinkles.
Maybe Ill be a feminist in my old age.
I feel the 21st century is another new age. Not only can we collaborate again with nature, but we have to. Its an emergency.
You can fake your age or mask it, but the passion that moves the characters has to be real.
I think that clearly it has an influence, to be coming of age during the punk rock era, to come from a difficult and sporadically violent background, to have been in and out of such chaos, I think it actually helps. But I dont know for sure.
Id date someone younger or older age doesnt matter to me. Or looks, really - its all about maturity.
Try to keep your soul young and quivering right up to old age.
I wanted to be a forest ranger or a coal man. At a very early age, I knew I didnt want to do what my dad did, which was work in an office.
Parenting is an impossible job at any age.
Sally Field looks amazing in general, never mind her age! Shes a phenomenally talented actress and has had a career spanning so many decades.
Ive had two romances since moving to Las Vegas. One was with somebody 12 years older than me, and the other was the same age, and neither worked out. I know people still think of me as one of Hugh Hefners girlfriends, and he of course was much older than me, but that was a whole different lifestyle and a different kind of dating.
From age 16, I lived and breathed wine. I read every magazine and book about wine.
IQ is a commodity, data is a commodity. Im far more interested in watching people interact at a restaurant with their smartphone. We can all read Tech Crunch, Ad Age. I would rather be living in the trenches. I would rather be going to Whole Foods in Columbus Circle to watch people shop with their smartphones.
Genius worship is the inevitable sign of an uncreative age.
I appreciate and enjoy my age.
Ive been going through photos of my mother, looking back on her life and trying to put it into context. Very few people age gracefully enough to be photographed through their aging.
I am rediscovering the whole sexual dimension of life at the age of 86, really. And that also means discovering the feminine. So the whole of this dimension, which I had been seeking for a very long time, is now sort of opening itself up to me.
I think all writers of my age who are brought up on films probably by the age of 16 have seen many more films than they have read classics of literature. We cant help but be influenced by film. Film has got some great tricks that its taught writers.
Some broad themes brought me where I am today. At a very young age, my hobby became thinking and finding connections.
I think you have to be a little bit strict. You cant be friend and their parent in a lot of situations, especially in this day and age where its so dangerous for kids. So theres a bit of sternness, I guess, in the way I raise my kids.
In the 1970s and 1980s there was so little decent fiction for young people, but were now in a golden age that shows no sign of fading. Philip Pullman, J. K. Rowling, Lemony Snicket are only three of the best known among a good number of equals.
I want to sell to people my own age, because thats the way I write songs.
You get to a certain age and you just want to prove that you can still rock - that youve still got it.
I always thought that I might retire from any form of sexuality by the age of 40 and just become a dignified older person.
Its only at this age that I can say the word art without flinching.
Well, once youve resigned yourself to the fact that you are the more mature pop performer and youre past the age you ever thought you would do it, you might as well do it as long as you can. As long as I can still lift a microphone, then Ill do it, you know.
I hope to have one more boxing match at the age of 55. Given that demographic at the age of 55 to 65, youve got to make a statement with your life. Otherwise, you are just existing.
I think its hard, the fact that theres a certain age that we cant have kids anymore.
While I had often said that I wanted to die in bed, what I really meant was that in my old age I wanted to be stepped on by an elephant while making love.
I basically started playing violin at the age of six. That lasted about three years because my previous teacher died and the second teacher didnt really know how to successfully get me going.
Age acquires no value save through thought and discipline.
Ive had to be a man since I was 12 or 13. I had a job. And I was playing the piano for people twice my age. Handling responsibility is what makes a man a man.
Old age isnt so bad when you consider the alternative.
Up until age 40, most men are just not as mature as women. So, it makes sense that a lot of women date up in age a bit.
Think back to yourself at age 18. I know I was mighty different than the Patti I am today. As we grow up, we grow out of our haircuts, our apartments and - often times - our romantic decisions.
I was well motivated. What I wanted to do was work for myself. I had twenty two jobs before I started my business at the age of twenty three and I didnt want one more boss telling me what to do. So I was motivated simply because I didnt want a boss.
Regardless of age, regardless of position, regardless of the business we happen to be in, all of us need to understand the importance of branding. We are CEOs of our own companies: Me, Inc. To be in business today, our most important job is to be head marketer for the brand called You.
An age which is incapable of poetry is incapable of any kind of literature except the cleverness of a decadence.
Ive always felt that sexuality is a really slippery thing. In this day and age, it tends to get categorized and labeled, and I think labels are for food. Canned food.
There must be a law against forcing children to perform at an early age. Children should have a wonderful childhood. They should not be given too much responsibility.
Each age tries to form its own conception of the past. Each age writes the history of the past anew with reference to the conditions uppermost in its own time.
People quit on jobs. They quit on marriages. They quit on school. Theres an immediacy of this day and age that doesnt lend itself to being committed to anything.
I nearly died of double bronchial pneumonia at the age of five.
The wonderful thing about age is that your knees dont work as well, you cant run down steps quite as easily and obviously you cant lift heavy weights. But your mind doesnt feel any different.
In a secular age, an authentic miracle must purport to be a hoax, in order to gain credit in the world.
But I think its a little different in Europe, because 40 is really the best age for a woman. Thats when we hit our peak and become this ripe fruit.
My mother was 45 when she had me, so when I was in high school my parents were the same age as my friends grandparents.
In the age of television, image becomes more important than substance.
Just call me a family man and an actor who digs his whole scene, side interests and all. Just say I feel mighty good at the ripe old age of 27.
Maybe back in the day you didnt need to be the greatest looking to be on TV and you didnt need to speak the best, but in this day and age, I think you need to be the package. You need to look the part for your sponsors, you need to be able to speak the part for the media and to big CEOs.
The culture of independent film criticism has totally gone down the drain and this seems to come with the territory of the consumer age that we are now living in.
There are only three things that can kill a farmer: lightning, rolling over in a tractor, and old age.
They say eyes clear with age.
Growing up on stage, I was introduced to makeup at a young age and I will never forget the first time I tried on a LOreal Paris iconic lipstick - it was instant glamour and Ive been hooked ever since.
I dont mind my age.
Despite what anti-aging ads say, growing older can be better. I feel better in my skin, 100 percent. You have greater effects of gravity, but the better sense of yourself you have is something I wouldnt trade. Women who lie about their age - why?
For the moment I prefer to be a beautiful woman of my age than try desperately to look 30.
Its a little silly to finally learn how to write at this age. But I long ago realized I was secretly sincere.
Its not always possible to sit down and eat at home in this day and age of fast-paced living, but if you are going to eat out, do so as a family and support all the great local places in your areas. Ill still eat at the same diner I did as a kid with my parents.
I worked hard in gymnastics since the time I was six years old until I retired at 23 years of age.
I did successfully kick tobacco at the age of 34. I smoked for like 20 years, from 14 to 34.
India saw from the beginning, and, even in her ages of reason and her age of increasing ignorance, she never lost hold of the insight, that life cannot be rightly seen in the sole light, cannot be perfectly lived in the sole power of its externalities.
Back in the 1960s, I saw Peter, Paul and Mary. I was at that age, about 14, and I was mesmerized.
For me from a pretty young age up until about 21 years old hallucinogenics had a huge place in my life.
A sense of freedom is something that, happily, comes with age and life experience.
Writers obviously have to bear witness to the harsh face of the age.
Stop living a day at a time and stop worrying about age.
Young women from a very young age are taught that life will be easier if you can just turn on the charming smile and say very little and be complacent and docile and sweet.
I started writing when I had three kids under the age of 4. I used to write every ten minutes I got to sit in front of a computer. Now, when I have more time, I function the same way: if its writing time, I write.
Im never overawed by a situation and I think thats because Ive always looked several years older than I am. So because people were treating me like I was 40 when I was 29, Ive always felt in control of a situation. People used to say, when youre 32, youll look 32. Im still waiting for that moment, where my age catches up with my appearance.
I am 54 and age is slowly writing itself on my face.
I envy the sensibility in Europe, appreciating beauty in women as they age. Im going to go that way. I might dye my gray hair for a bit, but beyond that the buck stops. Im not having any work done.
It was Julie Burchill who decreed that, beyond a certain age, a man should not be seen in a leather jacket.
As a result of the digital age and the decline of first-class mail, there is no question that the Postal Service must change and develop a new business model.
Ive watched my peers get better with age and hoped that would happen with me.
I never wanted to do TV. I just did what I was trained to do through the Special Forces, and Ive been doing that from a very young age.
Heres a proposal, offered only partly in jest: no resident of the United States, whether born here or abroad, should get to be a citizen until age 18, at which time each such resident has to take a test.
Second to agriculture, humbug is the biggest industry of our age.
When it comes down to it, its about who you know, and whos a fan. Its about whether youre the right age, whether youre hot or not, whether the studio is into you or not.
Another principle is, the deepest affections of our hearts gather around some human form in which are incarnated the living thoughts and ideas of the passing age.
My acting career began at age three and my parents got me into it. I was in a McDonalds commercial.
I think that age as a number is not nearly as important as health. You can be in poor health and be pretty miserable at 40 or 50. If youre in good health, you can enjoy things into your 80s.
I just yesterday returned from a trip where I photographed a woman with two children whom I photographed first when she was the age of the older of the two children.
You live in a deranged age, more deranged that usual, because in spite of great scientific and technological advances, man has not the faintest idea of who he is or what he is doing.
To write a story about New York that only deals with people in your age and socioeconomic bracket, that feels dishonest to me. So much of New York comes from everyone bumping into each other.
My mother inspired me to treat others as I would want to be treated regardless of age, race or financial status.
And from the first time I picked up a basketball at age eight - I had a lot of difficulty when I first picked up a basketball, because I was a scrub - there were things that I liked about it.
Right up until the time I retired at age 37, I felt like there were still things that I could do better.
In 1981, at age 31, I was voted the best player in basketball, and the most valuable player in the league.
The great thing about arriving at this age is that I dont even care about my career anymore.
Almost all of your life is lived by the seat of your pants, one unexpected event crashing into another, with no pattern or reason, and then you finally reach a point, around my age, where you spend more time than ever looking back. Why did this happen? Look where that led? You see the shape of things.
Ive always been intrigued by color and by interesting hair. I was one of those weird little girls doing my own hair at the age of 9. I was, like, getting weird gels and new brushes and cornrow holders. I would tweak and perm at the age of 13.
There are no college courses to build up self-esteem or high school or elementary school. If you dont get those values at a early age, nurtured in your home, you dont get them.
The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next.
If children are not introduced to music at an early age, I believe something fundamental is actually being taken from them.
Middle age is when your broad mind and narrow waist begin to change places.
As an American, you have a right to good health care that is effective, accessible, and affordable, that serves you from infancy through old age, that allows you to go to practitioners and facilities of your choosing, and that offers a broad range of therapeutic options.
Women would be disproportionately affected by the privatization of social security. It is one of the most important safety nets for American women in old age, or in times of disability, to insure financial income for their families.
Low levels of vitamin D in the population as a whole suggest that most people need to take a vitamin D supplement. This may be especially true for seniors, as the ability to synthesize vitamin D in the skin declines with age.
Part of the reason I sort of shot out like a cannon out of Michigan and left home at such an early age is because I had to feel independent.
I think that everyone at any age should ask themselves, where do I want to be today, where do I want to be tomorrow, and where do I want to be in a hundred years? We all have clear answers to those questions. We only have so much time. Its a real shame if we dont spend our lives trying to do that.
My parents got married late and they had kids late, so I never felt a social or cultural thing to be married or pregnant or a homeowner by a certain age.
Im a pretty big dork. Its crazy. Im one of those people who grew up with all kinds of musicals, but I was right at that age where Rent was a big deal for me and for my friends.
My parents were really, really cool about supporting what I wanted to do at a really young age. I think I was about 10 when I caught the bug. They would drive me down to New York if there were auditions. When I was 12, I did this show on Broadway called High Society, so we moved to New York for the run of that.
I was very sexual from a very young age.
It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years.
And Im not as young as I once was. At my age, I dont have time to be bored.
I was drafted into the Army when I was 19 and came out at age 22. Most people that I knew didnt think theyd come home alive. I didnt think I would either, so I was happy when I did.
One already feels like an anachronism, writing novels in the age of what-ever-this-is-the-age-of, but touring to promote them feels doubly anachronistic. The marketplace is showing an increasing intolerance for the time-honored practice of printing information on paper and shipping it around the country.
To own the dominant, or only, newspaper in a mid-sized American city was, for many decades, a kind of license to print money. In the Internet age, however, no one has figured out how to rescue the newspaper in the United States or abroad.
I grew up loving horses. I was relatively obsessed, starting with my rocking horse at age 2, all the way through my painting and drawing phase.
I was equally in love with singing and acting from an early age.
You can construct the character of a man and his age not only from what he does and says, but from what he fails to say and do.
I never played much golf as a kid. I caddied quite a bit but never got serious into golf until about age 15.
These days too many of us seem inclined to cover our ears, close our eyes, and blindly follow the most narrow, conservative tenets of religion or else seek comfort in the ancient traditions of New Age ritual.
There is no age, height, or weight requirement to skate. It is good exercise no matter what your age is. If you want to be competitive, most start young. But, I practice with many adult competitors.
I remember when I was 6 years old and my brother used to go seek out guys that were 13 to come over and play football against me while he was the permanent quarterback. I didnt know exactly what the age difference was, but I was already playing against older guys.
Well, my son really loves wildlife. And everytime he draws a polar bear I want to tell him there probably wont any by the time... hes my age. Thats kinda hard to deal with.
To be perfectly honest, I think that as Im growing older, Im just growing more impatient. Ill be very happy if at some point people say, Michaels grown wiser and softer in his old age. But well have to wait and see what my next project is.
A woman my age is not supposed to be attractive or sexually appealing. I just get kinda tired of that.
Listen, in England people are already writing their memoirs at the age of 23.
I was apprehensive. I feared every time I talked about poetry, it would be filtered through the lens of race, sex, and age.
Everyone takes pause at 40. Its the age you have to assess everything in your life. Its the fictitious marker thats always coming up when youre young. The world really does look at you to kind of have it together by 40, and be successful by 40. Whatever success means.
I started out modeling at a young age and surrounded myself with different brilliant minds. I have so many people to get educated from, and Ive been a sponge.
People say women shouldnt have long hair over a certain age, but Ive never done what everyone says.
We tend to think of age only in time, but I dont think it has much to do with time at all theres a whole load of other things. Ive met 16-year-olds who are old and 90-year-olds who are young.
It looks good when you see someone kicking at the age of 51 with no double. Its kinda cool for people to know that past 50 we can keep flexible.
The second album was emotionally exhausting and my life felt like it had become very serious at a very young age.
I never felt totally, 100%, patriotically English... Id seen a lot of the world by an early age - sort of spent a lot of time traveling around Lebanon and Id seen Babylon, and Damascus, and all sorts of places in the Middle East by the time I was ten. Then wed return to Ruslip in West London... Done a fair bit of traveling really.
The first feminine feature that goes, with advancing age, is the neck.
You just never know when youre living in a golden age.
We now have an opportunity, though, to do something we didnt do in the industrial age, and that is to get a leg up on this, to bring the public in quickly, to have an informed debate.
Ive spent as much as 30 grand on a watch but its not about flaunting my wealth. I dont have many extravagances but watches are my biggest one. I must have 30 of them now. Ive been collecting since the age of nine, when I won a black TAG in a karting event.
We were making the first step out of the age of chemistry and physics, and into the age of biology.
I feel like women are asked their age more than men.
Even in this day and age, if youre not married, there are people who are like, Awww! Dont worry, itll happen for you someday.
For students today, only 10 percent of children from working-class families graduate from college by the age of 24 as compared to 58 percent of upper-middle-class and wealthy families.
I have worked very hard on being aware of my childhood but moving forward and not letting it bring me down emotionally. That is a hard thing - especially when you have children of your own and you remember what happened to you at that age.
Traveling to Russia and Germany and being able to see the world at a young age was really cool for me, and I really liked that.
I vividly remember being 14. That was the age when I started to get happy: I started being a writer and stopped being a loser.
The balance of private good and general welfare is at the bottom of civilized morals but the morals of the Heroic Age are founded on individuality, and on nothing else.
I also find it interesting that a lot of people in their 30s are not married and dont have kids. There are a lot of people in this age bracket that are out there dating and trying to find love. And I never thought that at my age I would be.
The reason can only be this: heroic poetry depends on an heroic age, and an age is heroic because of what it is, not because of what it does.
The 19th century was the age of Individualism the 20th and 21st are the ages of Socialism.
We live in an age of mediocrity.
I gambled and I lost. I failed in securing my options for this choice for myself, but I succeeded in verifying the Dark Age is still with us.
I always looked really young for my age. And once I hit 23, 24 and 25, I was then allowed to play the cool 18-year-olds and stuff.
I want to be age appropriate. I dont want to be that girl you see walking away and she looks 25 and then she turns around and she looks 90.
When I was at school, I was in choirs more than anything else, from a very young age, about 9 years old. And then I started taking drum lessons.
I was always obsessed with being famous. I had Marilyn Monroe paper dolls as a child, and I was always obsessed with her. Ive just been really driven in that direction, and none of my friends were. So, I dont know what put that bug in me at a young age.
All my early school reports from the age of 5 were Daniel must learn not to distract others.
At the age of 11 I was about 6 ft. tall and my voice had completely broken. That caused problems. I was this gangly, spotty, very unattractive kid. I wasnt cool and I wasnt a nerd. I didnt even want to fit in with anyone.
Ive always tried to do my very best, and I want to be the very best age, whatever age I am.
I never quite toed the line. I was a bit disruptive. All my early school reports from the age of 5 were Daniel must learn not to distract others. And now, thats what I do for a living.
One problem with age is that patience begins to ebb.
Men of my age live in a state of continual desperation.
Starting a new retirement plan for those below a certain age is something tens of millions of Americans have already been through at work.
Anybody under the age of forty knows hip-hop, gospel and R&ampB pretty well, and its all a part of what we consider to be black music. There is a natural synergy between the three.
Well, Jeff Buckley for me is one of the greatest singers Ive ever heard. And the reason why is he has an amazing range, amazing emotional power in his voice. And the music he put around it also just had this passion and this soul to it and this spirit to it that very few artists have, and he passed at a very young age.
Its getting better generally, daily, especially in TV, for women in acting and age and looks count less. As more women come into the business. Change of any sort takes a long time to happen.
I think the most exciting thing is that you expect people our age to know the music, but actually a lot of kids know the music, and if anything is left, we have left really good music, and thats the important part, not the mop-tops or whatever.
It doesnt matter what color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, etc., everyone should have the same freedoms and liberties.
Childhood itself is scarcely more lovely than a cheerful, kindly, sunshiny old age.
In my older age, Ive learned to take things slower, because I used to be that total-fall-in-love-after-a-day guy.
You watch yourself age and its hard to feel like a sex symbol.
I like to be alone so I can write. But focus can hurt you. I dont want to be some stress casualty in early middle age.
Id always thought the Rats were good fun, but one of the very nice things about being of Saga age is that I can actually look back and think, When I was younger I was in a great band. It was always a collective thing.
I do think I feel it but you dont think you are cause at a certain time you are no age but you dont think you are anything. You feel the life you have lived. I feel that. Its been a long fifty years.
The crucial task of old age is balance: keeping just well enough, just brave enough, just gay and interested and starkly honest enough to remain a sentient human being.
My first job was in retail at the age of 14, and I have worked in the industry ever since.
I believed my story would be helpful to young women my daughters age, who are still in the process of forming themselves as women, and in need of encouragement to remain true to themselves.
Old age and sickness bring out the essential characteristics of a man.
We hold that the most wonderful and splendid proof of genius is a great poem produced in a civilized age.
The age we live in is a busy age in which knowledge is rapidly advancing towards perfection.
In a spiritually sensitive culture, then, it might well be that age is something to be admired or envied.
What though youth gave love and roses, Age still leaves us friends and wine.
If there is anything I would do differently in my life, it is that I would study business more. Im trying to teach my daughter Chloe at an early age about investing and money so shes not afraid of it.
Any young man who is unmarried at the age of twenty one is a menace to the community.
Time, in general, has always been a central obsession of mine - what it does to people, how it can constitute a plot all on its own. So naturally, I am interested in old age.
The first crocodile I ever caught was at nine years of age, and it was a rescue.
It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely.
Alone we can do so little together we can do so much.
Its often just enough to be with someone. I dont need to touch them. Not even talk. A feeling passes between you both. Youre not alone.
Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
I restore myself when Im alone.
A man is born alone and dies alone and he experiences the good and bad consequences of his karma alone and he goes alone to hell or the Supreme abode.
I have to be alone very often. Id be quite happy if I spent from Saturday night until Monday morning alone in my apartment. Thats how I refuel.
I dont want to be alone, I want to be left alone.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person youre alone with.
We allow our ignorance to prevail upon us and make us think we can survive alone, alone in patches, alone in groups, alone in races, even alone in genders.
If its true that our species is alone in the universe, then Id have to say the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little.
Language... has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word solitude to express the glory of being alone.
I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
Every man must do two things alone he must do his own believing and his own dying.
Loneliness is my least favorite thing about life. The thing that Im most worried about is just being alone without anybody to care for or someone who will care for me.
I have never found a companion that was so companionable as solitude. We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers. A man thinking or working is always alone, let him be where he will.
I finally faced the fact that it isnt a crime not having friends. Being alone means you have fewer problems.
Yes, I guess you could say I am a loner, but I feel more lonely in a crowed room with boring people than I feel on my own.
The only real progress lies in learning to be wrong all alone.
If you are lonely when youre alone, you are in bad company.
Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone.
All mens miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.
We are rarely proud when we are alone.
We are all sentenced to solitary confinement inside our own skins, for life.
Its an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. Thats always been a tug of war for me.
Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being in the society in which he lives. Mans life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but for the development of his self.
If I am a legend, then why am I so lonely?
A man can be himself only so long as he is alone.
What a lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
Still and all, why bother? Heres my answer. Many people need desperately to receive this message: I feel and think much as you do, care about many of the things you care about, although most people do not care about them. You are not alone.
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone.
You come into the world alone and you go out of the world alone yet it seems to me you are more alone while living than even going and coming.
To live alone is the fate of all great souls.
The time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself.
Ive also seen that great men are often lonely. This is understandable, because they have built such high standards for themselves that they often feel alone. But that same loneliness is part of their ability to create.
In Genesis, it says that it is not good for a man to be alone but sometimes it is a great relief.
I only go out to get me a fresh appetite for being alone.
The lonely become either thoughtful or empty.
Theres a tremendous difference between alone and lonely. You could be lonely in a group of people. I like being alone. I like eating by myself. I go home at night and just watch a movie or hang out with my dog. I have to exert myself and really say, oh God, Ive got to see my friends cause Im too content being by myself.
I really enjoy being single again. I spent a lot of time in a relationship and the nearer we came to the end, the more difficult it got. You dont see things clearly as long as youre still involved.
The best part about being alone is that you really dont have to answer to anybody. You do what you want.
The desire to get married, which - I regret to say, I believe is basic and primal in women - is followed almost immediately by an equally basic and primal urge - which is to be single again.
Who knows what true loneliness is - not the conventional word but the naked terror? To the lonely themselves it wears a mask. The most miserable outcast hugs some memory or some illusion.
Living alone makes it harder to find someone to blame.
As a body everyone is single, as a soul never.
The capacity for not feeling lonely can carry a very real price, that of feeling nothing at all.
Always give a word or sign of salute when meeting or passing a friend, or even a stranger, if in a lonely place.
All mens misfortunes spring from their hatred of being alone.
To dare to live alone is the rarest courage since there are many who had rather meet their bitterest enemy in the field, than their own hearts in their closet.
Even in the presence of others he was completely alone.
Alone let him constantly meditate in solitude on that which is salutary for his soul, for he who meditates in solitude attains supreme bliss.
I have so many different personalities in me and I still feel lonely.
I never said, I want to be alone. I only said, I want to be left alone. There is all the difference.
Every man is born as many men and dies as a single one.
I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best.
As I get older Im more and more comfortable being alone.
Im fascinated with myself and love hearing the sound of my own voice. Id like to hear what I have to say. A lot of people dont like being alone because they truly dont like themselves, but I love me.
I would be married, but Id have no wife, I would be married to a single life.
Unless we love and are loved, each of us is alone, each of us is deeply lonely.
A man content to go to heaven alone will never go to heaven.
He that can live alone resembles the brute beast in nothing, the sage in much, and God in everything.
Remember were all in this alone.
Solitude is the profoundest fact of the human condition. Man is the only being who knows he is alone.
Absolutely lonely people have few personal interactions of any kind.
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
Dont go away. I dont want to be alone. I cant stand being alone.
Inside myself is a place where I live all alone and that is where I renew my springs that never dry up.
Being alone is very difficult.
I would rather be a beggar and single than a queen and married.
If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone.
Only the lonely know the way I feel tonight.
Be able to be alone. Lose not the advantage of solitude, and the society of thyself.
The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth.
All of our unhappiness comes from our inability to be alone.
When the people you love are gone, youre alone.
You cant fake it when youre alone with God, you know.
Nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets.
If youre going to put yourself above everybody else, you might end up alone.
By all means use some time to be alone.
I think I jump around more when Im alone.
When Im alone, I can sleep crossways in bed without an argument.
There are places and moments in which one is so completely alone that one sees the world entire.
Im happily single.
Youre only lonely if youre not there for you.
Im single, footloose and fancy free, I have no responsibilities, no anchors. Work, friendship and self-improvement, thats me.
When everything is lonely I can be my best friend.
A human being is a single being. Unique and unrepeatable.
Your actions, and your action alone, determines your worth.
I think the greatest amount of pressure is the pressure I place on myself. So in a way I chose to be alone.
You only grow when you are alone.
Were born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that were not alone.
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Before the throne of the Almighty, man will be judged not by his acts but by his intentions. For God alone reads our hearts.
Its better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone - so far.
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not the world is full of educated failures. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.
I may climb perhaps to no great heights, but I will climb alone.
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal.
I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do. I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them if I find them too obnoxious, I break them. I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do.
We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.
Every government degenerates when trusted to the rulers of the people alone. The people themselves are its only safe depositories.
It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough.
Our Lord has written the promise of resurrection, not in books alone, but in every leaf in springtime.
I think this is the most extraordinary collection of talent, of human knowledge, that has ever been gathered at the White House - with the possible exception of when Thomas Jefferson dined alone.
One travels more usefully when alone, because he reflects more.
Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone, and you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost.
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.
Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.
It is better to be alone than in bad company.
Perhaps I know best why it is man alone who laughs he alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter.
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone.
To Follow by faith alone is to follow blindly.
You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give.
You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room.
Unconditional war can no longer lead to unconditional victory. It can no longer serve to settle disputes... can no longer be of concern to great powers alone.
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
An artist is always alone - if he is an artist. No, what the artist needs is loneliness.
The man who goes alone can start today but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready.
Being solitary is being alone well: being alone luxuriously immersed in doings of your own choice, aware of the fullness of your won presence rather than of the absence of others. Because solitude is an achievement.
I have noticed... that men usually leave married women alone and are inclined to treat all wives with respect. This is no great credit to married women.
I am alone I am always alone no matter what.
Some of my foster families used to send me to the movies to get me out of the house and there Id sit all day and way into the night. Up in front, there with the screen so big, a little kid all alone, and I loved it. I loved anything that moved up there and I didnt miss anything that happened and there was no popcorn either.
A woman cant be alone. She needs a man. A man and a woman support and strengthen each other. She just cant do it by herself.
I used to think as I looked out on the Hollywood night, There must be thousands of girls sitting alone like me dreaming of being a movie star. But Im not going to worry about them. Im dreaming the hardest.
Reason is not automatic. Those who deny it cannot be conquered by it. Do not count on them. Leave them alone.
The doer alone learneth.
God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars.
There is danger that we lose sight of what our friend is absolutely, while considering what she is to us alone.
No face which we can give to a matter will stead us so well at last as the truth. This alone wears well.
I alone of English writers have consciously set myself to make music out of what I may call the sound of sense.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
Being a child at home alone in the summer is a high-risk occupation. If you call your mother at work thirteen times an hour, she can hurt you.
Ah, mon cher, for anyone who is alone, without God and without a master, the weight of days is dreadful.
Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.
Often we can help each other most by leaving each other alone at other times we need the hand-grasp and the word of cheer.
Grant that I may not pray alone with the mouth help me that I may pray from the depths of my heart.
The time you spend alone with God will transform your character and increase your devotion. Then your integrity and godly behavior in an unbelieving world will make others long to know the Lord.
When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts. A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child.
Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of Gods grace.
This is the highest wisdom that I own freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew.
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.
Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Fashion is always of the time in which you live. It is not something standing alone. But the grand problem, the most important problem, is to rejeuvenate women. To make women look young. Then their outlook changes. They feel more joyous.
Time, which alone makes the reputation of men, ends by making their defects respectable.
Leadership is the other side of the coin of loneliness, and he who is a leader must always act alone. And acting alone, accept everything alone.
Blood alone moves the wheels of history.
What is uttered from the heart alone, Will win the hearts of others to your own.
You are never so alone as when you are ill on stage. The most nightmarish feeling in the world is suddenly to feel like throwing up in front of four thousand people.
I mean, Ive always been a libertarian. Leave everybody alone. Let everybody else do what they want. Just stay out of everybody elses hair.
Everything great in the world comes from neurotics. They alone have founded our religions and composed our masterpieces.
The artist alone sees spirits. But after he has told of their appearing to him, everybody sees them.
Man is a creature who lives not upon bread alone, but primarily by catchwords.
Nothing else so destroys the power to stand alone as the habit of leaning upon others. If you lean, you will never be strong or original. Stand alone or bury your ambition to be somebody in the world.
You that would judge me, do not judge alone this book or that, come to this hallowed place where my friends portraits hang and look thereon Irelands history in their lineaments trace think where mans glory most begins and ends and say my glory was I had such friends.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
I like video games, but they are very violent. I want to create a video game in which you have to help all the characters who have died in the other games. Hey, man, what are you playing? Super Busy Hospital. Could you leave me alone? Im performing surgery! This guy got shot in the head, like, 27 times!
We are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of Nature has placed in our power... the battle, sir, is not to the strong alone it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave.
Even though I love solar and love wind, like most people do, I like the renewable sources, they alone are not going to get America energy independent.
There are two types of poor people, those who are poor together and those who are poor alone. The first are the true poor, the others are rich people out of luck.
Your most precious, valued possessions and your greatest powers are invisible and intangible. No one can take them. You, and you alone, can give them. You will receive abundance for your giving.
I like the idea of being alone. I like the idea of often being alone in all aspects of my life. I like to feel lonely. I like to need things.
It seems that when you have cancer you are a brave battler against the disease, but when you have Alzheimers you are an old fart. Thats how people see you. It makes you feel quite alone.
People used what they called a telephone because they hated being close together and they were scared of being alone.
Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies.
Too many Christians have a commitment of convenience. Theyll stay faithful as long as its safe and doesnt involve risk, rejection, or criticism. Instead of standing alone in the face of challenge or temptation, they check to see which way their friends are going.
If those committed to the quest fail, they will be forgiven. When lost, they will find another way. The moral imperative of humanism is the endeavor alone, whether successful or not, provided the effort is honorable and failure memorable.
Faith, mighty faith, the promise sees, And looks to God alone Laughs at impossibilities, And cries it shall be done.
Our language has wisely sensed the two sides of being alone. It has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word solitude to express the glory of being alone.
Better mad with the rest of the world than wise alone.
I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness and the willingness to remain vulnerable.
Love alone is capable of uniting living beings in such a way as to complete and fulfill them, for it alone takes them and joins them by what is deepest in themselves.
It is in moments of illness that we are compelled to recognize that we live not alone but chained to a creature of a different kingdom, whole worlds apart, who has no knowledge of us and by whom it is impossible to make ourselves understood: our body.
The more decisions that you are forced to make alone, the more you are aware of your freedom to choose.
Communication is a continual balancing act, juggling the conflicting needs for intimacy and independence. To survive in the world, we have to act in concert with others, but to survive as ourselves, rather than simply as cogs in a wheel, we have to act alone.
I dont think I could live without hair, makeup and styling, let alone be the performer I am. I am a glamour girl through and through. I believe in the glamorous life and I live one.
Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone.
No employer today is independent of those about him. He cannot succeed alone, no matter how great his ability or capital. Business today is more than ever a question of cooperation.
Just as a cautious businessman avoids investing all his capital in one concern, so wisdom would probably admonish us also not to anticipate all our happiness from one quarter alone.
Loneliness expresses the pain of being alone and solitude expresses the glory of being alone.
None of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding except when he listens to this whisper which is heard by him alone.
In all history there is no war which was not hatched by the governments, the governments alone, independent of the interests of the people, to whom war is always pernicious even when successful.
This, then, is the test we must set for ourselves not to march alone but to march in such a way that others will wish to join us.
When I decided to be a singer, my mother warned me Id be alone a lot. Basically we all are. Loneliness comes with life.
Man alone is born crying, lives complaining, and dies disappointed.
No nation can meet the worlds challenges alone.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Why is it you feel like a dope if you laugh alone, but thats usually how you end up crying?
The golden opportunity you are seeking is in yourself. It is not in your environment it is not in luck or chance, or the help of others it is in yourself alone.
All conservatism is based upon the idea that if you leave things alone you leave them as they are. But you do not. If you leave a thing alone you leave it to a torrent of change.
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone.
Work alone is noble.
It is good taste, and good taste alone, that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning.
I want to be with those who know secret things or else alone.
The struggle alone pleases us, not the victory.
Remember, man does not live on bread alone: sometimes he needs a little buttering up.
A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.
No enterprise can exist for itself alone. It ministers to some great need, it performs some great service, not for itself, but for others or failing therein, it ceases to be profitable and ceases to exist.
One man alone can be pretty dumb sometimes, but for real bona fide stupidity, there aint nothin can beat teamwork.
I want to be alone.
Mans ultimate concern must be expressed symbolically, because symbolic language alone is able to express the ultimate.
There is no pleasure to me without communication: there is not so much as a sprightly thought comes into my mind that it does not grieve me to have produced alone, and that I have no one to tell it to.
Grief cant be shared. Everyone carries it alone. His own burden in his own way.
Man does not live by soap alone and hygiene, or even health, is not much good unless you can take a healthy view of it or, better still, feel a healthy indifference to it.
Freedom is the sure possession of those alone who have the courage to defend it.
The radiation left over from the Big Bang is the same as that in your microwave oven but very much less powerful. It would heat your pizza only to minus 271.3*C - not much good for defrosting the pizza, let alone cooking it.
Dont ever let economic alone determine your career or how you spend the majority of your time.
It is the fight alone that pleases us, not the victory.
We are not to give credit to the many, who say that none ought to be educated but the free but rather to the philosophers, who say that the well-educated alone are free.
He travels the fastest who travels alone.
It is great folly to wish to be wise all alone.
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
Though nature be ever so generous, yet can she not make a hero alone. Fortune must contribute her part too and till both concur, the work cannot be perfected.
The most boring scenes are the scenes where a character is alone.
Earth teach me to forget myself as melted snow forgets its life. Earth teach me resignation as the leaves which die in the fall. Earth teach me courage as the tree which stands all alone. Earth teach me regeneration as the seed which rises in the spring.
I tend to stay up late, not because Im partying but because its the only time of the day when Im alone and dont have to be performing.
Woman is fine for her own satisfaction alone. No man will admire her the more, no woman will like her the better for it. Neatness and fashion are enough for the former, and a something of shabbiness or impropriety will be most endearing to the latter.
To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee, One clover, and a bee, And revery. The revery alone will do, If bees are few.
Being an actor is the loneliest thing in the world. You are all alone with your concentration and imagination, and thats all you have.
As human beings, we need to know that we are not alone, that we are not crazy or completely out of our minds, that there are other people out there who feel as we do, live as we do, love as we do, who are like us.
Wisdom comes alone through suffering.
Children, dear and loving children, can alone console a woman for the loss of her beauty.
A great source of calamity lies in regret and anticipation therefore a person is wise who thinks of the present alone, regardless of the past or future.
One ever feels his twoness - an American, a Negro two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.
The foolish and the dead alone never change their opinions.
Human beings should be held accountable. Leave God alone. He has enough problems.
A well-instructed people alone can be permanently a free people.
Success comes when people act together failure tends to happen alone.
The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary men alone are quite capable of every wickedness.
I have grown up alone. Ive taken care of myself. I worked, earned money and was independent at 18.
Show me a man who lives alone and has a perpetually clean kitchen, and 8 times out of 9 Ill show you a man with detestable spiritual qualities.
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator.
Take a course in good water and air and in the eternal youth of Nature you may renew your own. Go quietly, alone no harm will befall you.
My mother was a professional sick person she took a lot of pain pills. There are many people like that. Its just how they are used to getting attention. I always remember shes the daughter of alcoholics whod leave her alone at Christmas time.
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control these three alone lead one to sovereign power.
Thank you for leaving us alone but giving us enough attention to boost our egos.
The two operations of our understanding, intuition and deduction, on which alone we have said we must rely in the acquisition of knowledge.
Better be alone than in bad company.
All species capable of grasping this fact manage better in the struggle for existence than those which rely upon their own strength alone: the wolf, which hunts in a pack, has a greater chance of survival than the lion, which hunts alone.
On stage I make love to twenty five thousand people and then I go home alone.
Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.
The man of genius is he and he alone who finds such joy in his art that he will work at it come hell or high water.
The light of lights looks always on the motive, not the deed, the shadow of shadows on the deed alone.
Then stirs the feeling infinite, so felt In solitude, where we are least alone.
Change alone is unchanging.
Im not alone, Im free. I no longer have to be a credit, I dont have to be a symbol to anybody I dont have to be a first to anybody.
Plant and your spouse plants with you weed and you weed alone.
The happiness of ones own heart alone cannot satisfy the soul one must try to include, as necessary to ones own happiness, the happiness of others.
I had a very happy childhood, but I wasnt that happy a child. I liked being alone and creating characters and voices. I think thats when your creativity is developed, when youre young. I liked the world of the imagination because it was an easy place to go to.
The true and solid peace of nations consists not in equality of arms, but in mutual trust alone.
Recommend to your children virtue that alone can make them happy, not gold.
Im a happy man, because I am successful in what I do, of course but what makes me most happy is I have people around me that I love and who love me back. This, for me, is the most important thing. Nobody likes to be alone.
True thoughts are those alone which do not understand themselves.
No harm comes to man from outside alone: dumbness is the objective spirit.
I have nothing to hide in art. The initial force alone can bring anyone to the end he must attain.
Were all in this alone.
When they are alone they want to be with others, and when they are with others they want to be alone. After all, human beings are like that.
This avidity alone, of acquiring goods and possessions for ourselves and our nearest friends, is insatiable, perpetual, universal, and directly destructive of society.
If I want to be alone, some place I can write, I can read, I can pray, I can cry, I can do whatever I want - I go to the bathroom.
Its motive alone which gives character to the actions of men.
I love clothes, but I dont know what to put on myself, let alone others. I have a lot of help getting dressed.
I know what men want. Men want to be really, really close to someone who will leave them alone.
Sometimes, when Im alone, I put on six inch heels and wear nothing else and dance around in front of the mirror and do my little stripper dance.
If Im alone too long I think too much, and Im not interested in doing that. That wont lead anywhere good, Im sure. If Im busy I tend to stay out of trouble. An idle mind is the devils playground.
Probably only an art-worlder like me could assign deeper meaning to something as simple and silly as Tebowing. But, to us, anytime people repeat a stance or a little dance, alone or together, we see that it can mean something. Imagistic and unspoken language is our thing.
Theres one Baldessari work I genuinely love and would like to own, maybe because of my Midwestern roots and love of driving alone. The backs of all the trucks passed while driving from Los Angeles to Santa Barbara, California, Sunday, 20 January 1963 consists of a grid of 32 small color photographs depicting just what the title says.
The only time I commit to conspiracy theories is when something way retarded happens. Like Lee Harvey Oswald acting alone.
A task becomes a duty from the moment you suspect it to be an essential part of that integrity which alone entitles a man to assume responsibility.
Getting through the nights is the toughest part. Being alone. Not having her there to talk to.
Slump, and the world slumps with you. Push, and you push alone.
We are so bound together that no man can labor for himself alone. Each blow he strikes in his own behalf helps to mold the universe.
I think its interesting that cologne rhymes with alone.
Your experiences will be yours alone. But truth and best friendship will rarely if ever disappoint you.
Another thing I like to do is sit back and take in nature. To look at the birds, listen to their singing, go hiking, camping and jogging and running, walking along the beach, playing games and sometimes being alone with the great outdoors. Its very special to me.
When I was producing on my own, I was doing it in order to - in a very patriarchal entertainment industry, let alone planet - very much hell-bent on trying to prove to myself, if nothing else, that I could do it as a woman.
I was always such a people-watcher. I would sit on street corners alone and watch people and make up stories about them in my head. Then, all of a sudden, I was the one being watched.
Fear of serious injury alone cannot justify oppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears.
Education alone can conduct us to that enjoyment which is, at once, best in quality and infinite in quantity.
I have the handicap of being born with a special language to which I alone have the key.
We all get stuck. We all lose ourselves a little bit in a fantasy or in our jobs and forget how we feel about other things. Its really important to check yourself, to spend some time alone.
Is it not by love alone that we succeed in penetrating to the very essence of being?
India is the meeting place of the religions and among these Hinduism alone is by itself a vast and complex thing, not so much a religion as a great diversified and yet subtly unified mass of spiritual thought, realization and aspiration.
The strong man is strongest when alone.
We were alone. Where, I could not say, hardly imagine. All was black, and such a dense black that, after some minutes, my eyes had not been able to discern even the faintest glimmer.
A man is never completely alone in this world. At the worst, he has the company of a boy, a youth, and by and by a grown man - the one he used to be.
I was passionate. I found something that I loved. I could be all alone in a big old skating rink and nobody could get near me and I didnt have to talk to anybody because of my shyness. It was great. I was in my fantasy world.
To stand up on a stage alone with an acoustic guitar requires bravery bordering on heroism. Bordering on insanity.
Im a teenager, but Im independent - I have my own apartment, I have my own life. And I think I have learned more than any of those teenagers have in school. I learned to be responsible, leaving my family and coming here alone.
Offspring, the due performance on religious rites, faithful service, highest conjugal happiness and heavenly bliss for the ancestors and oneself, depend on ones wife alone.
Look at the Afghans, during the time of the Soviet invasion. They were among the poorest Muslims in the world, yet they were sustained by their faith in God, and God alone.
Testing oneself is best when done alone.
Had the United States and the United Kingdom gone on alone to capture Baghdad, under the provisions of the Geneva and Hague conventions we would have been considered occupying powers and therefore would have been responsible for all the costs of maintaining or restoring government, education and other services for the people of Iraq.
Now suddenly there was nothing but a world of cloud, and we three were there alone in the middle of a great white plain with snowy hills and mountains staring at us and it was very still but there were whispers.
Look, if I were alone in the world, I would have the right to choose despair, solitude and self-fulfillment. But I am not alone.
For me, growing up, the downside of it was that as a kid you dont want to stand out. You dont want to have a famous father let alone get a job because of your famous father, you know? But Im a product of nepotism. Thats how I got my foot in the door, through my dad.
While the resurrection promises us a new and perfect life in the future, God loves us too much to leave us alone to contend with the pain, guilt and loneliness of our present life.
The most terrifying thing I can think of is being alone - and I mean utterly alone, like no one else in the world alone - at night. Thats the nucleus of the first story in my collection and its also where the title came from for the book.
No one ever said on their deathbed, Gee, I wish I had spent more time alone with my computer.
Love alone could waken love.
I never did anything alone. Whatever was accomplished in this country was accomplished collectively.
Theres a lot of people out there who go through hard times, and they feel alone. They feel like nobody is there. But Im in the same boat.
I need, absolutely, to be alone.
If Galileo had said in verse that the world moved, the inquisition might have let him alone.
Even if I have to stand alone, I will not be afraid to stand alone. Im going to fight for you. Im going to fight for whats right. Im going to fight to hold people accountable.
I have an internal protectiveness where its like, if it comes to just me, as frightened as I am of losing someone I love or things going sour or simply being alone, there is a dark place in my brain where Im like, It could happen and Im okay, Im prepared.
I live alone, with cats, books, pictures, fresh vegetables to cook, the garden, the hens to feed.
On stage, I make love to 25,000 different people, then I go home alone.
Alone Im nothing.
I have a huge, active imagination, and I think Im really scared of being alone because if Im left to my own devices, Ill just turn into a madwoman.
I dont like being in houses alone.
Our world is so glutted with useless information, images, useless images, sounds, all this sort of thing. Its a cacophony, its like a madness I think thats been happening in the past twenty-five years. And I think anything that can help a person sit in a room alone and not worry about it is good.
Happiness is spiritual, born of truth and love. It is unselfish therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it.
You could say, in a vulgar Freudian way, that I am the unhappy child who escapes into books. Even as a child, I was most happy being alone. This has not changed.
Can anyone understand how it is to have lived in the White House and then, suddenly, to be living alone as the Presidents widow?
Im very shy really. I spend a lot of time in my room alone reading or writing or watching television.
I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britains success - so for me theres no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation.
Comics, for me, is being able to sing alone in the shower. I find it freeing. You just pick up a pen and get to it.
If I was writing songs just for me Id only play them in my living room, alone.
The principal contributor to loneliness in this country is television. What happens is that the family gets together alone.
And I find - Im 63, and my capacity to be by myself and just spend time by myself hasnt diminished any. Thats the necessary part of being a writer, you better like being alone.
You have to have enough respect for other human beings to leave their lives alone. If you admire that life, build it for yourself. Dont just try to come in and take somebody elses life.
Lifes an awfully lonesome affair. You come into the world alone and you go out of the world alone yet it seems to me you are more alone while living than even going and coming.
Friends are very important to me, and I have always had many of them. There are probably many reasons why this is so, but two seem to me more valid than any of the others I am a naturally friendly person, and I hate to be alone.
The prospect of success in achieving our most cherished dream is not without its terrors. Who is more deprived and alone than the man who has achieved his dream?
It is clear that not in one thing alone, but in many ways equality and freedom of speech are a good thing.
Mass transportation is doomed to failure in North America because a persons car is the only place where he can be alone and think.
The majority does not rule in America, but the minority shouldnt hijack it. And its because were afraid. They have isolated us and made us feel as though were alone. Were not.
Belief is nothing but a more vivid, lively, forcible, firm, steady conception of an object, than what the imagination alone is ever able to attain.
You cant walk alone. Many have given the illusion, but none have really walked alone. Man is not made that way. Each man is bedded in his people, their history, their culture, and their values.
The primary distinction of the artist is that he must actively cultivate that state which most men, necessarily, must avoid the state of being alone.
Ive always had a huge fear of dying or becoming ill. The thing Im most afraid of, though, is being alone, which I think a lot of performers fear. Its why we seek the limelight - so were not alone, were adored. Were loved, so people want to be around us. The fear of being alone drives my life.
We can recognize the dawn and the decline of love by the uneasiness we feel when alone together.
We neither laugh alone, nor weep alone, why then should we pray alone?
Where I come from, it was a heresy to say you wanted to be in movies, leave alone American movies.
Man does not live by words alone, despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them.
Journalists do not live by words alone, although sometimes they have to eat them.
But there comes a moment in everybodys life when he must decide whether hell live among the human beings or not - a fool among fools or a fool alone.
All we ask is to be let alone.
I cant really define it in sexual terms alone although our sexuality is so energizing why not enjoy it too?
As strong as the United States is, we cant deal with terrorism alone.
I love my friends and family, but I also love it when they cant find me and I can spend all day reading or walking all alone, in silence, eight thousand miles away from everyone. All alone and unreachable in a foreign country is one my most favorite possible things to be.
Work alone will efface the footsteps of work.
A steady patriot of the world alone, The friend of every country but his own.
I get a friend to travel with me... I need somebody to bring me back to who I am. Its hard to be alone.
The average Nigerian person has come to reconcile himself with the fact that his or her social progress remain essentially in his or her hands in collaboration with other fellow Nigerians and not merely relying on what government alone could provide for him or her.
I have never been able to grasp the meaning of time. I dont believe it exists. Ive felt this again and again, when alone and out in nature. On such occasions, time does not exist. Nor does the future exist.
And whats more Ive got no need for anyone to tell me how to do it. I am not interested. You act how you want to and leave me alone to do my own thing.
U2 is an original species... there are colours and feelings and emotional terrain that we occupy that is ours and ours alone.
No one else can take risks for us, or face our losses on our behalf, or give us self-esteem. No one can spare us from lifes slings and arrows, and when death comes, we meet it alone.
I dont like to work with assistants. Im already one too many the camera alone would be enough.
I want to be alone and work until the day my heads hits the drawing table and Im dead. Kaput. I feel very much like I want to be with my brother and sister again. Theyre nowhere. I know theyre nowhere and they dont exist, but if nowhere means thats where they are, thats where I want to be.
Simply by not owning three medium-sized castles in Tuscany I have saved enough money in the last forty years on insurance premiums alone to buy a medium-sized castle in Tuscany.
Men, even when alone, lighten their labors by song, however rude it may be.
I once had a boyfriend who couldnt write unless he was wearing a necktie and a dress shirt, which I thought was really weird, because this was a long time ago, and no one I knew ever wore dress shirts, let alone neckties it was like he was a grown-up reenacter or something.
When we dream alone it is only a dream, but when many dream together it is the beginning of a new reality.
Unhappy, let alone angry, religious people provide more persuasive arguments for atheism and secularism than do all the arguments of atheists.
If the First Amendment means anything, it means that a state has no business telling a man, sitting alone in his house, what books he may read or what films he may watch.
The history of philosophy is not, like the history of the sciences, to be studied with the intellect alone. That which is receptive in us and that which impinges upon us from history is the reality of mans being, unfolding itself in thought.
Im a dad, and I no longer see a way for my kids to even inherit the money that Im making, let alone go out there, have an idea, and create it in their own lifetime.
Its kind of awkward to eat alone in a restaurant because everybodys looking at me.
Be able to live alone, even if you dont want to and think you will never find it necessary.
The age in which we live, this non-stop distraction, is making it more impossible for the young generation to ever have the curiosity or discipline... because you need to be alone to find out anything.
I think more and more people want to live alone. You can be a couple without being in each others pockets. I dont see why you have to share the same bathroom.
I absolutely relate to being alone in squalor, trying to come up with something adequate. I relate to that, and Ive been known to crawl out of bed and drink out of a 2-liter bottle of Diet Coke.
After all my various relationships I find myself now home alone.
Deliberation is the work of many men. Action, of one alone.
Worse there cannot be a better, I believe, there may be, by giving energy to the capital and skill of the country to produce exports, by increasing which, alone, can we flatter ourselves with the prospect of finding employment for that part of our population now unemployed.
War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it.
I never knew Id be in a musical, let alone win an award for one.
Happy the man, and happy he alone, he who can call today his own he who, secure within, can say, tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today.
For the last third of life there remains only work. It alone is always stimulating, rejuvenating, exciting and satisfying.
I got a lot of problems, but Im really good at intuiting what I need to do to be happy with whatever I create. I know when to stop myself, I know when to start, I know when to leave something alone. I guess I just kind of indulge that completely, and so I just take my time.
Its important for moms to have alone time. However, thats the first thing that goes on a busy day. Fortunately for me, because of my job, I have to find the time to do it. At least thats the way my mind sees it.
We cannot remember too often that when we observe nature, and especially the ordering of nature, it is always ourselves alone we are observing.
Photography, alone of the arts, seems perfected to serve the desire humans have for a moment - this very moment - to stay.
In Turkey, youre not allowed to be left alone in the hospital. The nurse teaches the family how to do things, and somebody is always there with the patient.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is a reality.
Death is the mother of Beauty hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires.
In Sleep we lie all naked and alone, in Sleep we are united at the heart of night and darkness, and we are strange and beautiful asleep for we are dying the darkness and we know no death.
Schizophrenia beats dining alone.
When one by one our ties are torn, and friend from friend is snatched forlorn when man is left alone to mourn, oh! then how sweet it is to die!
When I get into bed at night, I hope I dont get into it alone!
You need a whole community to raise a child. I have raised two children, alone.
An American, a Negro... two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.
Weird people follow you in the streets, you cant sit alone in a restaurant or a cafe and read a book in peace, and I think everybody values those moments of being alone.
It may, however, be said that the level of experience to which concepts are inapplicable cannot yield any knowledge of a universal character, for concepts alone are capable of being socialized.
Inductive reason, which alone makes man master of his environment, is an achievement and when once born it must be reinforced by inhibiting the growth of other modes of knowledge.
Im so accustomed to being alone.
When Im alone, I work sometimes with music, sometimes without and sometimes just listening to NPR.
What Im trying to do is get this message out about self-empowerment, entrepreneurial spirit and true Americanism - the way we were when we changed the world, when Edison was alone, failing his 2,000th time on the lightbulb.
A country is made not by policy alone, but by its music, its entertainment shows, all of it.
I thought about how we need to make children feel that there are times in their lives when they need to be alone and quiet and to be able to accept their aloneness.
I think about dying. Ive come to realize we all die alone in one way or another.
Because for whatever reason, even though I want to stay home all the time and be left alone, I want to tell the world who I am now.
I love the solitude of being on a plane and finally getting to read an entire book and being left alone.
I dont think I ever got the hang of the writers room. I love collaborating with people, but I really do my best work alone, and I think I would want to - if I did something again, I think Id want to take total ownership the way Aaron Sorkin or David Kelley does.
Fear of error which everything recalls to me at every moment of the flight of my ideas, this mania for control, makes men prefer reasons imagination to the imagination of the senses. And yet it is always the imagination alone which is at work.
Work, apart from devotion or love of God, is helpless and cannot stand alone.
I was never less alone than when by myself.
The attempt to devote oneself to literature alone is a most deceptive thing, and often, paradoxically, it is literature that suffers for it.
Our future cannot depend on the government alone. The ultimate solutions lie in the attitudes and the actions of the American people.
People talk about the conscience, but it seems to me one must just bring it up to a certain point and leave it there. You can let your conscience alone if youre nice to the second housemaid.
Those who remember Washingtons cold war culture in the 1980s will recall the shocked reactions to Reagans intervention. People interested in foreign policy were astonished when in 1985 he met alone at Geneva - alone, not a single strategic thinker at his elbow! - with the Soviet Communist master Gorbachev.
Palin was a political Hail Mary, a long bomb in the closing minutes of a game that John McCain and Co. were certain to lose. They didnt care if she had the policy or political or emotional capacity to serve as vice president, let alone president. They were willing to drive the country off a cliff, if thats what it took to win.
This, and this alone, is Christianity, a universal holiness in every part of life, a heavenly wisdom in all our actions, not conforming to the spirit and temper of the world but turning all worldly enjoyments into means of piety and devotion to God.
The Fuhrer alone is the present and future German reality and its law. Learn to know ever more deeply: from now on every single thing demands decision, and every action responsibility.
Fail I alone, in words and deeds? Why, all men strive and who succeeds?
Finds progress, mans distinctive mark alone, Not Gods, and not the beasts God is, they are, Man partly is, and wholly hopes to be.
Liberal that I am, I support health-care reform on its merits alone. My liberal blood boils, for example, when I read that half of the personal bankruptcies in this country are brought on, in part, by medical expenses.
I dont think nationalism is alone holding the field its in contention with a lot of different things.
I am alone, some people help me, but, basically, I can do what I want.
I mean, I dont think Im alone when I look at the homeless person or the bum or the psychotic or the drunk or the drug addict or the criminal and see their baby pictures in my minds eye. You dont think they were cute like every other baby?
It is the unknown that excites the ardor of scholars, who, in the known alone, would shrivel up with boredom.
Most high courts in other nations do not have discretion, such as we enjoy, in selecting the cases that the high court reviews. Our court is virtually alone in the amount of discretion it has.
Yes, I will bring the understanding of a woman to the Court, but I doubt that alone will affect my decisions.
With production alone as the goal, industry in North America was dominated by the assembly line, standardization for mass consumption.
The music industry is a strange combination of having real and intangible assets: pop bands are brand names in themselves, and at a given stage in their careers their name alone can practically gaurantee hit records.
It would do the world good if every man would compel himself occasionally to be absolutely alone. Most of the world s progress has come out of such loneliness.
And if you dont believe the sun will rise, stand alone and greet the coming night in the last remaining light.
A celibate, like the fly in the heart of an apple, dwells in a perpetual sweetness, but sits alone, and is confined and dies in singularity.
He alone is free who lives with free consent under the entire guidance of reason.
Only that thing is free which exists by the necessities of its own nature, and is determined in its actions by itself alone.
Wisdom alone is true ambitions aim, wisdom is the source of virtue and of fame obtained with labour, for mankind employed, and then, when most you share it, best enjoyed.
My contribution I hope is to get people to eat full-flavored food. If I could come away with that alone, that would be a fantastic accomplishment. Im also very proud of being a very American chef.
But no nation can base its survival and development on luck and prayers alone while its leadership fritters away every available opportunity for success and concrete achievement.
Solitude is strength to depend on the presence of the crowd is weakness. The man who needs a mob to nerve him is much more alone than he imagines.
He was thinking alone, and seriously racking his brain to find a direction for this single force four times multiplied, with which he did not doubt, as with the lever for which Archimedes sought, they should succeed in moving the world, when some one tapped gently at his door.
When I decided to be a singer, my mother warned me Id be alone a lot. Basically we all are.
And remember dont high post when youre far from home, and high posting when youre all alone.
Go on thinking that you dont need to be read and youll find that it may become quite true: no one will feel the need tom read it because it is written for yourself alone and the public wont feel any impulse to gate crash such a private party.
Being alone is scarier than any boogey man and the reason why I dont choose to see Horror movies as a rule.
I have been alone since my husband died. I stay in my home. I dont date. Its hard to date when youre at home. Nobody knows you.
Id like to state that Spike Lee is not saying that African American culture is just for black people alone to enjoy and cherish. Culture is for everybody.
Once a disease has entered the body, all parts which are healthy must fight it: not one alone, but all. Because a disease might mean their common death. Nature knows this and Nature attacks the disease with whatever help she can muster.
The progress of evolution from President Washington to President Grant was alone evidence to upset Darwin.
Im the most gregarious of men and love good company, but never less alone when alone.
The daily act of writing remains as demanding and maddening as it was before, and the pleasure you get from writing - rare but profound - remains at the true heart of the enterprise. On their best days, writers all over the world are winning Pulitzers, all alone in their studios, with no one watching.
Costumes and scenery alone will not attract audiences.
There are times when the only access I have to the truest person that I am is when Im alone and trying to solve a sentence. Its exciting, even when its frustrating, even when I cant do it right.
Well, Im not a member of the permanent political establishment, and Ive learned quickly these last few days that if youre not a member in good standing of the Washington elite, then some in the media consider a candidate unqualified for that reason alone.
Successful crimes alone are justified.
Reason is a crutch for age, but youth is strong enough to walk alone.
Volume depends precisely on the writers having been able to sit in a room every day, year after year, alone.
Still, intuitive assumptions about behavior is only the starting point of systematic analysis, for alone they do not yield many interesting implications.
The writer is all alone.
If you write a novel alone you sit and you weave a little narrative. And its O.K., but its of no account.
There is no end to the violations committed by children on children, quietly talking alone.
Never to lie is to have no lock on your door, you are never wholly alone.
Muslims must believe that all power, success and victory comes from God alone.
If man knew how women pass the time when they are alone, theyd never marry.
I dont like being alone.
You can be around 100 people and be completely alone. People dont realize what its really like.
That we find a crystal or a poppy beautiful means that we are less alone, that we are more deeply inserted into existence than the course of a single life would lead us to believe.
One of the places where we lived when I was growing up had this big wood out the back. And starting when I was about 8, I used to enjoy just walking alone through the wood late. Eleven p.m. Midnight. Later.
Others indeed may talk, and write, and fight about liberty, and make an outward pretence to it but the free-thinker alone is truly free.
Writers may be disreputable, incorrigible, early to decay or late to bloom but they dare to go it alone.
I love my government not least for the extent to which it leaves me alone.
For every quarrel a man and wife have before others, they have a hundred when alone.
Im not someone who likes to have my picture taken, let alone see it plastered all over the place.
Benevolence alone will not make a teacher, nor will learning alone do it. The gift of teaching is a peculiar talent, and implies a need and a craving in the teacher himself.
Its important to say that actors cant act alone, its impossible. What we have to do is support each other.
In the laughing times we know that we are lucky, and in the quiet times we know that we are blessed. And we will not be alone.
The flesh endures the storms of the present alone the mind, those of the past and future as well as the present. Gluttony is a lust of the mind.
Every animal leaves traces of what it was man alone leaves traces of what he created.
The only way to get gay issues off the front pages of Canadian newspapers is to grant gay and lesbian people our full civil equality and leave it alone.
I do not come bearing a party label on my sleeve - or a quick fix in my back pocket. I do not come with a rigid ideology in my heart - or a soul that tells me to go it alone. I do not come to uproot tradition - or to be imprisoned by it.
Im a grown woman and sometimes, I might be a little fat, you know? Am I alone there? Not really.
From 18 to 22, I was alone, living in L.A. with a bunch of friends, partying.
We talk a lot on Biggest Loser about how fitness is a natural antidepressant, how it burns off stress. What I like about running is that it gives me time alone. Im always busy, with people at work, with my kids. I love getting out for a run by myself and just listening to my music.
Britain, relative to the U.S., is a highly secular society. Philanthropy alone cannot fill the gap left by government cutbacks. And the sources of altruism go deep into our evolutionary past.
As a young man, even if I was going to see a play or a film by myself, I didnt feel like I was alone. There was something that was unfolding up there that brought me into it. And I recognised that. For those two hours, it made me feel like I belonged to something really good.
Solitude, though it may be silent as light, is like light, the mightiest of agencies for solitude is essential to man. All men come into this world alone and leave it alone.
Most of these people who are celebrities now dont do anything to deserve it, so by that fact alone, I dont want to be one.
Men dont even ask me out. I cant remember the last time I was asked out on a date, and Im talking years here. I spend my life more and more alone.
I couldnt even go to the bathroom alone. My mother or a social worker always went with me.
I wrote and produced millions and millions of selling records, so my publishing company alone was worth millions of dollars. I didnt have to work anymore in life because when the rappers started sampling... Im the most sampled artist in history.
I would hope that understanding and reconciliation are not limited to the 19th hole alone.
Im not at the point where Id feel safe in a house alone. I would be really scared. Im the kind of person that when I get up to go use the bathroom I have this big long hallway, and I just know someones going to jump out and get me.
To be adult is to be alone.
Im not a rock star. Sure I am, to a certain extent because of the situation, but when kids ask me how it feels to be a rock star, I say leave me alone, Im not a rock star. Im not in it for the fame, Im in it because I like to play.
I may be alone in this, but I do sense the power of film, in that movies have the ability to literally change peoples minds. Thats pretty powerful stuff when you consider that.
The thing I like about baseball is that its one-on-one. You stand up there alone, and if you make a mistake, its your mistake. If you hit a home run, its your home run.
In the first 50 years of the filibuster, it was used only 35 times. But the last Congress alone had 112 cloture motions filed, plus threats of more. This is the tyranny of the minority.
Perhaps our own opposition to even the level of European integration we have now, let alone any more, is well known.
My learning process is by eye alone its not at all scientific.
As a child, I wanted only two things - to be left alone to read my library books, and to get away from my provincial hometown and go to London to be a writer. And I always knew that when I got there, I wanted to make loads of money.
Surely being a Professional Beauty - let alone an ageing one - is one of the most insecure and doomed careers imaginable.
But we cannot rely on memorials and museums alone. We can tell ourselves we will never forget and we likely wont. But we need to make sure that we teach history to those who never had the opportunity to remember in the first place.
I feel so good after a workout. Any time you can be alone with yourself is really important.
I tried acupuncture, the patch, and hypnosis, but found that I needed to do it alone - when the time was right for me.
I think sometimes if you are alone, you are freer because your time is your own.
One person alone cant do anything as important as bringing genuine democracy to a country.
No one should be left to suffer alone.
When you work alone, you need to socialize at some level.
I must try and break through the cliches about Latin America. Superpowers and other outsiders have fought over us for centuries in ways that have nothing to do with our problems. In reality we are all alone.
The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedoms.
Yeah, my dream would be to work for 6 months and then have 6 months to play, just snowboarding, surfing, and going to cool places to listen and be alone and kinda chill out.
Making checklists of things youre looking for in a person is the numero uno thing you can do to guarantee youll be alone forever.
Im a very brave person. I can go to North Vietnam, I can challenge my government, but I cant challenge the man Im with if means Im going to end up alone.
When the traveler goes alone he gets acquainted with himself.
At the root of the shy temperament is a deep fear of social judgment, one so severe it can sometimes be crippling. Introverted people dont worry unduly about whether theyll be found wanting, they just find too much socializing exhausting and would prefer either to be alone or in the company of a select few people.
Virtue alone has majesty in death.
Probably nothing serious or worthwhile can be accomplished without ones willingness to be alone for sustained periods of time, which is not to say that one must live alone, obsessively.
Im fiercely independent, but Im also terrified of being alone.
As a child, I had to get up early for school or work. Id get ready by myself. Id set my alarm to wake me up very early in the morning, and be off to work, the family driver driving me every morning. I did it alone, my parents never coming in to wake me up.
It is eerie being all but alone in Westminster Abbey. Without the tourists, there are only the dead, many of them kings and queens. They speak powerfully and put my thoughts into vivid perspective.
Let me alone, and go in search of someone else.
Life is only a long and bitter suicide, and faith alone can transform this suicide into a sacrifice.
For so long as the Jew has even one ally, he will be convinced - in his smallness of mind - that his salvation came from that ally. It is only when he is alone - against all of his own efforts and frantic attempts - that he will, through no choice, be compelled to turn to G-d.
But it seems that the judging maybe they shouldnt at least see the practices all week long. That can taint the way they go into the judging and the outlook of whats going to happen, instead of just watching those four minutes and judging on those minutes alone.
No one chooses to raise children alone.
Im not saying that theres anything better than mated bliss at its best, but Im saying that living alone is as good in its own way. But we havent quite given ourselves permission to recognize that.
It was either Voltaire or Charlie Sheen who said, We are born alone. We live alone. We die alone. And anything in between that can give us the illusion that were not, we cling to.
Most bands dont even last fourteen months let alone fourteen years.
I was very happy sitting alone at a dining room table, writing a script.
Its always easier if you have the support of your family, if youre not alone. I came from a country that has been through a lot of troubles in the last 20 to 30 years, but we have been through them together.
Its an amazing feeling to go into a studio and really be alone.
Not drunk is he who from the floor - Can rise alone and still drink more But drunk is They, who prostrate lies, Without the power to drink or rise.
Whatever my individual desires were to be free, I was not alone. There were many others who felt the same way.
Im never less at leisure than when at leisure, or less alone than when alone.
Im ultimately a widow and a single mother, whos not even getting to be a mother right now. I am so alone, its freaky.
I have my best ideas when I am alone.
I learned why out riding alone is an oxymoron: An equestrian is never alone, is always sensing the other being, the mysterious but also understandable living being that is the horse.
When I walked to school in the mornings I would start out alone but would pick up four other boys along the way. We would set out together after school across the village green.
You cant get rid of it with exercise alone. You can do the most vigorous exercise and only burn up 300 calories in an hour. If youve got fat on your body, the exercise firms and tones the muscles. But when you use that tape measure, what makes it bigger? Its the fat!
Im not into watching stuff I did last week, let alone three or four years ago.
The accumulation of skill and science which has been directed to diminish the difficulty of producing manufactured goods, has not been beneficial to that country alone in which it is concentrated distant kingdoms have participated in its advantages.
Photography can never grow up if it imitates some other medium. It has to walk alone it has to be itself.
Postmodernism surely requires an even greater grasp of symbolism, as its increasingly an art of gesture alone.
I try to push ideas away, and the ones that will not leave me alone are the ones that ultimately end up happening.
Writing is a solitary occupation. Family, friends, and society are the natural enemies of the writer. He must be alone, uninterrupted, and slightly savage if he is to sustain and complete an undertaking.
Im a workaholic. Before long Im traveling on my nervous energy alone. This is incredibly exhausting.
I had to weave and play around with a honey bear, you know, and I could wrestle with him a little bit, but theres no way you can even wrestle a honey bear, let alone a grizzly bear thats standing ten feet to eleven feet tall! Can you imagine? But it was fascinating to work that close to that kind of animal.
Women are smart in business and dumb in love. They wont date outside their zip code, let alone outside the city. They are city snobs.
However, anyone to whom this happens should not leave his room upon awakening, should speak to no-one, but remain alone and sober until everything comes back to him, and he recalls the dream.
The question is what will Mitt Romney do as president if his policy is simply to be hands off and let the government be made so small it can be drowned in a bathtub. In the 21st century global economy, no state alone has the ability to compete against China.
I was a little doubtful about the propriety of going to the Mammoth Cave without a gentleman escort, but if two ladies travel alone they must have the courage of men.
You can work on the saxophone alone, but ultimately you must perform with others.
Im really lucky that my record companies have been patient with me and leave me alone and give me the time to make it right in my mind.
I think sometimes all you need is to hear someone else say the same thing that youre going through to realize that youre not alone. I try to put some sense of hope into the songs, into whatever the situation is so that its not just dirt, drudgery and a life of misery.
Its only when youre alone that you realize where you are. You have nothing to fall back on except your own resources.
The best part about being with a group is that you dont have to do everything alone. Youre with your friends.
In a civilized society, all crimes are likely to be sins, but most sins are not and ought not to be treated as crimes. Mans ultimate responsibility is to God alone.
People love pretty much the same things best. A writer looking for subjects inquires not after what he loves best, but after what he alone loves at all.
Buddhism notes that it is always a mistake to think your soul can go it alone.
Good acting is all in the writing. If it isnt on the page, then it really wont make any difference. You cannot act on force of personality alone.
I just broke up with my boyfriend, and Ive been spending more time alone than Id like.
I live to hail that season by gifted one foretold, when men shall live by reason, and not alone by gold.
Man cannot live by incompetence alone.
The power of a book lies in its power to turn a solitary act into a shared vision. As long as we have books, we are not alone.
I know that books I have written will still resonate in 50 years - particularly My Sisters Keeper. It has sold three million copies in the States alone. I strongly feel that, as a novelist, you have a platform and the ability to change peoples minds.
With fame there is a crosswire between intensity and intimacy. You have decoy intimacy, but you are also very much alone.
Do not rely completely on any other human being, however dear. We meet all lifes greatest tests alone.
In the country of pain we are each alone.
People like eccentrics. Therefore they will leave me alone, saying that I am a mad clown.
If you would have your son to walk honourably through the world, you must not attempt to clear the stones from his path, but teach him to walk firmly over them - not insist upon leading him by the hand, but let him learn to go alone.
All still lifes are actually paintings of the world on the sixth day of creation, when God and the world were alone together, without man!
Im a huge Wes Anderson fan I would faint if I met him, let alone got to work with him.
Forbidden pleasures alone are loved immoderately when lawful, they do not excite desire.
As regards parents, I should like to see them as highly educated as possible, and I do not restrict this remark to fathers alone.
Government alone cannot solve the problems we deal with in our correctional facilities, treatment centers, homeless shelters and crisis centers - we need our faith-based and community partners.
Whoever wants to know something about me - as an artist which alone is significant - they should look attentively at my pictures and there seek to recognise what I am and what I want.
Let your mind alone, and see what happens.
I rise to taste the dawn, and find that love alone will shine today.
If men knew how women pass the time when they are alone, theyd never marry.
Americans different in some maybe thoughts or emphasis still have the same ideas. They want a government that lets them be free, that leaves them alone, that doesnt interrupt and interfere with every aspect of their life, that lets them go to work and keep more of what theyve worked hard to have.
A good government may, indeed, redress the grievances of an injured people but a strong people can alone build up a great nation.
I made some friends at Listerine and they taught me a little bit about oral care. That half of adults suffer from oral disease, that the number one chronic disease among children is oral disease, that were only taking care of 25% of our mouths when brushing alone and there are more germs in your mouth than there are people on the planet.
I would point out that Im an actress for a reason! If I were popular in high school, I would have considered another career because I wouldnt have been alone in my room, making up other characters for myself. I definitely had growing pains. The popular kids didnt want anything to do with the girl who was starting the drama club.
Some players you pat their butts, some players you kick their butts, some players you leave alone.
My overcoat is worn out my shirts also are worn out. And I ask to be allowed to have a lamp in the evening it is indeed wearisome sitting alone in the dark.
As for style, there is something about the way musicians dress-they seem to be able to create their own world within their fashion alone.
One definition of eternity is that we are not alone on this planet, that there are those whove gone before and those who will come, and that there is a community of spirits.
I think Mr. Wilson will have to be the rest of the way alone.
In art, all who have done something other than their predecessors have merited the epithet of revolutionary and it is they alone who are masters.
In truth, I am a single mother. But I dont feel alone at all in parenting my daughter. Krishna has a whole other side of her family who loves her, too. And so Krishna is parented by me, but also by her grandmother and aunts and cousins and uncles and friends.
No one can arrive from being talented alone, work transforms talent into genius.
In the U.S. alone, weather disasters caused $50 billion in economic damages in 2010.
Style used to be an interaction between the human soul and tools that were limiting. In the digital era, it will have to come from the soul alone.
What does it mean to not be alone? Ive approached that question through music, technology, writing and other means.
I understand and get when kids and teenagers feel like theyre alone and its not going to get better. My advice is that there is a support system out there, there are a lot of people who have been through what youre going through and are going through it now.
No enterprise, small or large, public or private, can remain self-governing, let alone successful, so deeply in hock to others as we are about to be.
The methods by which a trade union can alone act, are necessarily destructive its organization is necessarily tyrannical.
Our country will, I believe, sooner forgive an officer for attacking an enemy than for letting it alone.
To share our stories is not only a worthwhile endeavor for the storyteller, but for those who hear our stories and feel less alone because of it.
The English Bible - a book which, if everything else in our language should perish, would alone suffice to show the whole extent of its beauty and power.
The object of oratory alone in not truth, but persuasion.
The best rules to form a young man, are, to talk little, to hear much, to reflect alone upon what has passed in company, to distrust ones own opinions, and value others that deserve it.
Science is analytical, descriptive, informative. Man does not live by bread alone, but by science he attempts to do so. Hence the deadliness of all that is purely scientific.
John Naisbitt
Today osteoporosis affects more than 75 million people in the United States, Europe and Japan and causes more than 2.3 million fractures in the USA and Europe alone.
I think Jersey stands alone, and because Im from Jersey, I never make fun of where people are from. Ill make fun of what they look like, but Ill never make fun of where they are from. Jersey is special.
Im vulnerable to criticism. Any artist is, because you work alone in your studio and, until recently, critics were the only way youd get any feedback.
I have tried to be a leader. I have tried in my role of being one of the first women at Google, let alone the first woman to have a baby, to really try to set the tone that this is a great place to work for diversity reasons.
To really be centered and to really work well and to think about the kinds of things that I need to think about, I need to spend large amounts of time alone.
Why has not anyone seen that fossils alone gave birth to a theory about the formation of the earth, that without them, no one would have ever dreamed that there were successive epochs in the formation of the globe.
I have always been very obsessed with time. Times passage makes us all very vulnerable and because we all experience it in our own way, it can make us feel very alone.
Human beings do not live in the objective world alone, nor alone in the world of social activity as ordinarily understood, but are very much at the mercy of the particular language which has become the medium of expression for their society.
I very much wished not to be noticed, and to be left alone, and I sort of succeeded.
After I lost my fiance, it seemed like it would be better to always be alone than to risk being hurt again.
We enter the world alone, we leave the world alone.
I have a grim outlook on the world, and in particular on humanity. Spent years denying it, but I am very misanthropic. And I live alone on a mountain for a reason.
There is no one looking out for us. We are all alone.
Judaism is much more communal, and partly as a consequence of my religious switch, I am increasingly more suspicous of my previous view that what people do in the privacy of their own home is their business alone.
Im throwing myself back in because I like being married. I dont want to end this whole fabulous journey alone. I want someone by my side who I love and who loves me. Ive finally found somebody whos up to the task of being my wife, because Im very high maintenance.
Having gone through so many of the personal things Ive gone through, its about creating an (online) space for girls to be heard. I dont profess to have all the answers. But Ask Elizabeth is a space where girls are not alone.
The private interest of the individual would not be sufficiently provided for by reasonable and cool self-love alone therefore the appetites and passions are placed within as a guard and further security, without which it would not be taken due care of.
Men are beginning to realize that they are not individuals but persons in society, that man alone is weak and adrift, that he must seek strength in common action.
As much as I long for a sort of security and consistency sometimes, I do enjoy sort of being busted around. I really dont know whats happening sometimes next week, let alone this year.
For a while I felt very alone sort of out there in the world of comics, especially here in the States.
The U.S. cannot go it alone simply when it is convenient.
I would rather be alone and a loud voice for action than be silent.
But, if you observe children learning in their first few years of life, you can see that they can and do learn on their own - we leave them alone to crawl, walk, talk, and gain control over their bodies. It happens without much help from parents.
She cant even chew gum and walk in a straight line, let alone write a book.
That song is a story that shows how easily you could get slipped into being labeled as the bad guy, even though what you really trying to do is tell the bad guy to leave you alone.
No matter how fast I could do it with the digital camera I dont think I would get the same thing out of it. The passion I have for formulating an idea stands alone. It is the important essence of what I do.
Taste is the fundamental quality which sums up all the other qualities. It is the nec plus ultra of the intelligence. Through this alone is genius the supreme health and balance of all the faculties.
I think we need one recognized, respected public figure to make a tough, blunt statement on just what Reagans record is and what he might do to the country, let alone the Republican Party before Christmas.
There is nothing like being left alone again, to walk peacefully with oneself in the woods. To boil ones coffee and fill ones pipe, and to think idly and slowly as one does it.
Hungary is, in a word, in a state of WAR against the Hapsburg dynasty, a war of legitimate defence, by which alone it can ever regain independence and freedom.
The power that is supported by force alone will have cause often to tremble.
Highly educated young people are tutored, taught and monitored in all aspects of their lives, except the most important, which is character building. When it comes to this, most universities leave them alone.
The Holy Spirit alone can do this, the Holy Spirit alone can establish this link with ones neighbor.
When I was working on Eye of the Beholder, I played a character who is so aloof that my whole lifestyle became very aloof. If someone knocked on my door, there was a part of me that went into a rage, because I wanted to be isolated and alone.
I have a responsibility to nurture and shepherd my talent and when Im living the parts of my life not related to that I feel I have the right to be left alone.
Both my husband and I give a lot of ourselves in what we do because that is our public lives but in my private life, I have an intrinsic right to be left alone.
President Johnson did not want the Vietnam War to broaden. He wanted the North Vietnamese to leave their brothers in the South alone.
In the last 5 years, American employers have lost over $150 billion of productivity to depression alone. That is more than the GDP of 28 different States during the same period.
The writing is really hard. Youre alone. It really pulls it out of you. You pull it out of your head. But when youre a director, youre shopping - youre picking this actor, youre picking this scene. Its like the most intense kinetic high-speed shopping of all time. You sit in a chair and it will all come rushing at you like a wind tunnel.
Looking back on those games, I probably hustled out of position as much as I hustled into position since I really never had any real training. I was working on instincts alone.
Theres this thing of you can live in a city and be completely alone, not notice anything going on around you.
There are actually quite high profile British TV star cameos in it that you probably wouldnt even notice, that the British wouldnt even notice, let alone the American audience.
Scholarship was one thing, drudgery another. I very soon concluded that nothing would induce me to read, let alone make notes on, hundreds and hundreds of very, very, very boring books.
In our open society, we are inclined to give to the less fortunate for the pure goodness of giving. We open our home to those who are alone on this holiday to spread some warmth into the life of another.
I used to wonder if it was Gods plan that I should be alone for so much of my life. But I found peace. I found happiness within people and the world.
Remember, the burden of sorrow is doubled when it is borne alone.
I dont like to produce albums. I hate producing albums, as a matter of fact, because Im an obsessed mixer and I cant leave it alone.
You watch an old Jeopardy! and the categories alone are very plain. Poetry, or Movies, or Physics. If you watch it now, though, therell be a theme board where the categories are all Hitchcock movies. Lots more jokes, lots more high-concept categories and questions.
He never is alone that is accompanied with noble thoughts.
Acquire the habit of speaking to God as if you were alone with Him, familiarly and with confidence and love, as to the dearest and most loving of friends.
We are ultimately alone in that we are ultimately responsible for ourselves.
Iran has long sponsored terrorists who carry out homicide bombings in Israeli cities. However, it is a mistake to believe the danger Iran poses is directed at Israel alone.
On the one hand, shopping is dependable: You can do it alone, if you lose your heart to something that is wrong for you, you can return it its instant gratification and yet something you buy may well last for years.
That is, we believed, the supreme duty of the parent, who only was permitted to claim in some degree the priestly office and function, since it is his creative and protecting power which alone approaches the solemn function of Deity.
Israel is no longer a people that dwells alone, and has to join the global journey toward peace, reconciliation and international cooperation.
I had never walked on the street alone when I was growing up in Calcutta, up to age 20. I had never handled money. You know, there was always a couple of bodyguards behind me, who took care if I wanted... I needed pencils for school, I needed a notebook, they were the ones who were taking out the money. I was constantly guarded.
It can be kind of gruesome at times, making things alone.
Its necessary to start most work alone. But Im tickled to death when I can pull somebody in or join someone, whether its borrowing poetry or traveling with an associate.
I dont understand the Democrats approach to Social Security in this country, and Im not alone.
And I dont have any specific steps to take because I dont start the same way every time. But there is a knowing when its enough and you can leave it alone.
I love photo sessions. Im alone, Im the queen, everyones taking care of me.
The whole kiss-and-tell thing is a negative approach that often happens in a World Cup. We will see negative stories about the players and it can affect their confidence and the overall performance of the national team on the pitch, let alone the bid to actually stage the competition.
What We want is to make it possible for our unfortunate people to live a life of industry for it is by steady work alone that we hope for our physical and moral rehabilitation. For this reason above all we have undertaken to rally our people around our ideal.
And you know when I was growing up, I knew I wanted to have kids, but I knew I didnt want to do it alone. Then once I was 41, 42, I had to accept that I probably wouldnt have kids unless I decided to adopt later on, but even then it would be with a partner.
If theres ever an example that military power alone cannot be successful in Afghanistan, I think it was the Soviet experience.
It is very frightening to feel alone when you are standing against a rich and powerful person and all his attendant helpers.
I think the Mother is gradually revealing itself to me and taking over. But it is not the Mother alone. It is the Mother and the Father, the male and the female, sort of gradually having their marriage.
When anything goes digital, let alone something as immaterial as a book, there is a tendency to see it as just in the air to be taken, and to lose the sense that somebody once made it.
Theres a sense of aliveness that comes from connection, shared experience. And you see it in every place. You see it when ball players jump up and down, gather at home plate, hugging, and its not just because theyre winning, its that shared moment, that feeling of - we enter the world alone, we leave alone.
Traditionally, Medicares assurance has been that for the elderly and persons with disabilities that they will not be alone when confronted with the full burden of their health care costs.
Myspace alone has just over 80 million users and ranks as the sixth most popular English language website and the eighth most popular site in the world.
I never thought a basketball shoe would be named after a woman, let alone me.
Always the aim for me is making people feel like they are not alone. Thats just the greatest feeling.
Man, I hate to get depressing on you, but I dont have a game. Im so alone, so depressed, so dark, no.
Strength alone knows conflict, weakness is born vanquished.
If you think spreading money around by force seems like an odd definition of fairness, youre not alone.
When you see a struggle that you may be having personally put on a big screen and in a roomful of people, then it makes you feel less crazy or alone, because youre seeing that other people are dealing with it too. You get to see in this imaginary scenario how people might try and answer some questions or deal with some problems.
It is my personality alone that has brought back the waltz and made it a global craze.
I have always had a sense that we are all pretty much alone in life, particularly in adolescence.
For people who are really talented, what you dont say becomes extremely important. You have to judge what to say and what to leave alone so you can let the talent develop.
Time and space - time to be alone, space to move about - these may well become the great scarcities of tomorrow.
We are never the same with others as when we are alone. We are different, even when we are in the dark with them.
You ask me if I will not be glad when the last battle is fought, so far as the country is concerned I, of course, must wish for peace, and will be glad when the war is ended, but if I answer for myself alone, I must say that I shall regret to see the war end.
The population forecast for the United States in 1970 is 170 million. The population forecast for Russia alone in 1970 is 251 million. The implications are clear.
I do read books. I suppose its more or less the same thing, but at least Im alone and Im an individual. I can stop anytime I want, which I frequently do.
Ive always been shocked and waiting-for-the-other-shoe-to-drop that a girl would ever talk to me, let alone want to marry me. They always seem to hold the power to me, and from my mother to my wife to my daughter, every time I try to really figure them out, and think Ive got them pegged, I pay for it.
I talked about the barriers created by monopolies. I said that it was the role of government to break up these monopolies and that we couldnt do it alone.
Most photographers work best alone, myself included.
It proved easier to buy the farm to get the mineral rights than to buy the coal rights alone.
No matter how close to yours anothers steps have grown, in the end there is one dance youll do alone.
Absolute truth belongs to Thee alone.
Research and development needs permanent tax credits to build the technology that spurs our growth. But no government programs alone can get Americas students to study more science and math parents must push and help their children to meet this goal.
The next thing I wrote was in a writing class at night school. It was about a poor woman who worked at a dime store and who was all alone for Christmas in Laurel, Mississippi.
My brother and Lauren are very close with me and they are in Sun Valley, so sometimes I need to go there and feel their presence. And there are times I need to see my bro alone.
Whats important is promising something to the people, not actually keeping those promises. The people have always lived on hope alone.
For a while I couldnt leave the house by myself. Even if I was just grocery shopping alone, Id get self-conscious.
Words alone cannot fully convey the realities of the soul or the greatness of the human spirit.
Let there be no mistake. A gay man alone could never begin to replicate the inner workings of the female mind.
The great increase of our population throughout the Union will alone produce an important effect, and in no quarter will it be so sensibly felt as in those in contemplation.
Alone is a much better film than House of the Dead and better than most horror movies out today.
I think Alone in the Dark was too much an action creature movie than a horror creature movie.
When Im online, Im alone in a room, tapping on a keyboard, staring at a cathode-ray tube.
I like to have a massage therapist come to my house, get a massage, take a bath, go to bed. Thats a perfect night alone for me.
Im fortunate that Ive been in this business long enough that Ive earned the right to be left alone by my record company.
We are very anxious to bring the Jews of Morocco over and we are doing all we can to achieve this. But we cannot count on the Jews of Morocco alone to build the country, because they have not been educated for this.
When I work alone, it can be like dabbling with a canvas. Maybe you paint over bits, and it starts to form its own life and lead you off in a direction. It becomes an intuitive, subconscious process.
When I work alone, my process is like painting. With Fleetwood Mac, its more like movie making.
Success doesnt necessarily come from breakthrough innovation but from flawless execution. A great strategy alone wont win a game or a battle the win comes from basic blocking and tackling.
Some people can sometimes really invade your space and kind of never leave you alone.
Now that I have found someone, Im feeling more alone... than I ever have before.
Thus, the poets word is beginning to strike forcefully upon the hearts of all men, while absolute men of letters think that they alone live in the real world.
If I lived alone, Momd never sleep because she wouldnt know I was okay.
I didnt need clothes. I was allowed the opportunity to act out moments you dont get the opportunity to experience in your own life, let alone as a character in a film. I didnt feel naked.
Say not that honor is the child of boldness, nor believe thou that the hazard of life alone can pay the price of it: it is not to the action that it is due, but to the manner of performing it.
Some of us may just, in one-on-one conversations with our family, with our friends, over the back fence with our neighbors, talk about the reality of our lives and realize that were not alone, that we have a right to be physically safe and emotionally safe in our own homes.
Hiking is the best workout!... You can hike for three hours and not even realize youre working out. And, hiking alone lets me have some time to myself.
I can barely remember what I wrote yesterday, let alone 10 years ago.
I can support going in after Saddam Hussein, but I want to make sure I dont go alone.
I spend my life essentially alone at a computer. That doesnt change. I have the same challenges every day.
Something about Texas Im not proud of is that our state murdered 37 people last year alone.
For each one of us stands alone in the midst of a universe.
I have two ideas for novels at the moment, neither of them all that conventional, but Im not ready to choose between them yet, let alone settle down to the process of writing.
You are forever alone.
I think the idea that you can go this alone is - was a huge mistake. And unfortunately, there was a price paid in terms of suffering and pain for people in New Orleans.
Your thoughts and emotions are yours alone.
But the wicked passions of mens hearts alone seem strong enough to leave pictures that persist the good are ever too luke-warm.
Sometimes I think my husband is so amazing that I dont know why hes with me. I dont know whether Im good enough. But if I make him happy, then Im everything I want to be.
If you tell people where to go, but not how to get there, youll be amazed at the results.
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you.
Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and youre kind, amazing things will happen.
Its amazing the clarity that comes with psychotic jealousy.
There are amazingly wonderful people in all walks of life some familiar to us and others not. Stretch yourself and really get to know people. People are in many ways one of our greatest treasures.
I feel like I have had the most amazing life in my public service.
When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.
If there was an observer on Mars, they would probably be amazed that we have survived this long.
I am indeed amazed when I consider how weak my mind is and how prone to error.
People are generally amazed that I would take an interest in any form that would require me to stop talking for three hours.
With love, you should go ahead and take the risk of getting hurt because love is an amazing feeling.
If you dream of something worth doing and then simply go to work on it and dont think anything of personalities, or emotional conflicts, or of money, or of family distractions it is amazing how quickly you get through those 5,000 steps.
You will never cease to be the most amazed person on earth at what God has done for you on the inside.
When the shriveled skin of the ordinary is stuffed out with meaning, it satisfies the senses amazingly.
People never cease to amaze me.
The amazing fact is that America is founded on a document. Its a work in progress. It can be tested by each generation.
Its amazing what ordinary people can do if they set out without preconceived notions.
People must feel that the natural world is important and valuable and beautiful and wonderful and an amazement and a pleasure.
Write in recollection and amazement for yourself.
When its over, I want to say: all my life I was a bride married to amazement. I was the bridegroom, taking the world into my arms.
Its amazing how, over time, a persons perspective can be altered.
Im proud of the U.S.A. Weve done some amazing things. To wear our flag in the Olympics is an honor.
The body is an amazing machine... If you eat the right things your body will perform incredibly well!
I really love the internet. They say chat-rooms are the trailer park of the internet but I find it amazing.
As a kid, I kind of spent my life being amazed by being tricked. I love being tricked. I still love it today.
Its amazing, if you know what you want to say, how fast it is to write.
Im always amazed at anyones interest in what I have to say.
It was amazing to me that, all of a sudden, I was hearing my music on the radio and coming out of cars.
When the youth of America gets together, amazing things happen.
Nothing amazes me anymore.
Words to me were magic. You could say a word and it could conjure up all kinds of images or feelings or a chilly sensation or whatever. It was amazing to me that words had this power.
Its an amazing luxury to say Im 31 years old and Im gonna take a year off. Thats pretty amazing.
Isnt it amazing the way the future succeeds in creating an appropriate past?
Its amazing how much trouble you can get in when you dont have anything else to do.
I like pens. My writing is so amazing theres never a need to erase.
I am constantly amazed by Tina Fey. And I am Tina Fey.
I was always amazed about how much I could finally squeeze into a thirty second commercial.
Ive had to calm down, I have a kid! It is amazing. Its the best thing ever. Nothing better than it.
Amazingly when you add life and consciousness to the equation you can actually explain some of the biggest puzzles of science.
Amazement awaits us at every corner.
There are a lot of people with a lot of money, and Im amazed they dont understand what a great pleasure it can be to give.
The body can do amazing things in a situation when it is really called for.
I have a ridiculous fear of sharks but Id jump in the water in a second for an amazing role.
You would be amazed what the ordinary guy knows.
More and more couples are having this negotiation or discussion, but Im still amazed at the number who arent and where the cultural norm sort of kicks in and they just assume that moms got to be the one who stays home, not dad.
In 29 years, I had recorded over 2,200 songs. I was amazed.
Its amazing to me that young people will still pick up a cigarette.
The truth sets you free. Its a very liberating thing, when you say this is who I am warts and all and then you can just get on with life. Its amazing.
But I am not going to live for ever. And the more I know it, the more amazed I am by being here at all.
Its the most amazing feeling to hold your child in your arms.
To me, when a great band is playing together, its amazing for me.
I had a friend whose family had dinner together. The mother would tuck you in at night and make breakfast in the morning. They even had a spare bike for a friend. It just seemed so amazing to me.
Its amazing how a competitive nature can turn a negative into something positive.
To feel the presence of the Lord is an amazing thing.
Its amazing how, age after age, in country after country, and in all languages, Shakespeare emerges as incomparable.
Its been amazing, the number of commercials that Ive done, starting back in 1968. It must be 8,000.
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
It is amazing that people who think we cannot afford to pay for doctors, hospitals, and medication somehow think that we can afford to pay for doctors, hospitals, medication and a government bureaucracy to administer it.
France, and the whole of Europe have a great culture and an amazing history. Most important thing though is that people there know how to live! In America theyve forgotten all about it. Im afraid that the American culture is a disaster.
Its amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
We want to reinvent the phone. Whats the killer app? The killer app is making calls! Its amazing how hard it is to make calls on most phones. We want to let you use contacts like never before - sync your iPhone with your PC or mac.
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?
May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. May your mountains rise into and above the clouds.
Why is Cloud 9 so amazing? What is wrong with Cloud 8? That joke came off the top of my head, and the top of my head aint funny!
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
Its amazing how people will give when you don
I still think that movies are amazing I respect actors and directors.
I loved hip-hop. The first stuff I heard was Public Enemy, and I couldnt believe it. It was amazing, and Ive always loved hip-hop.
Its an amazing feeling to go into a studio and really be alone.
Ive got some incredible fans actually - so loyal and they make me birthday cards and Christmas cards. I got this package of poems and artwork based around the songs. Theyve got this thing called Floetry where they all have to put in artwork. Theyve set up their own competitions and stuff which is kind of amazing.
I saw The Artist. Its really beautiful and its all done to the letter with all the silent film techniques. The costumes were amazing and the dog is so good.
My siblings and I were friends with the boys who would become our stepbrothers - we grew up on the same street. I feel very special to have these amazing people in my life and if we hadnt all moved into this big house together I think I would have missed out on that, because we would have drifted apart.
Singing really is acting. In a lot of ways, its much more personal. I love music, and being able to work on that is amazing.
If I can inspire people by showing that following a dream by working hard and being determined is possible, its amazing.
I love a beautiful gown on stage, and luckily Ive been fortunate to wear some amazing dresses.
I get such lovely gifts from fans... amazing pictures, handmade jewellery. Im very lucky!
I believe I could have had a career in the music industry without X Factor, but it was an amazing platform that propelled me to where I am now.
Its been a fascinating thing because we didnt really know how to write when we started South Park at all. Its been like, weve just sort of grown up a bit and its amazing to just see how, if you take Butters and Cartman and put them in any scene, it works.
Sally Field looks amazing in general, never mind her age! Shes a phenomenally talented actress and has had a career spanning so many decades.
I started running outside when I was at Biggest Loser. Then I got runners knee, and thought I was never going to be able to shake it. When I overcame that and ran the L.A. Marathon, it was such an amazing thing, and now running is such a part of my routine.
We watch a lot of Discovery Channel, shows like The Biggest Loser and even Amazing Race. You learn a lot about the world, its fun and nobodys interested in beating anybody down. And then the opposite: Im a huge fan of Survivor.
Spinning has been such an amazing part of my exercise. I love the music, the energy, and the sweat. Its a tough class, which makes me feel like Ive really accomplished something. Its a great way to burn fat and lean out the body. An all-around win!
If you think you dont want to play another psychopath, but the script is amazing, and the director is fantastic, and the story is incredible, then you may end up playing your third psychopath in a row.
Truthfully, being pregnant is changing me as a person. Each day is part of this amazing journey that has completely shifted the focus of my life and made me reevaluate my personal and professional goals.
Strangely enough, when the Sugababes Freak Like Me went to number 1, which was built around my Are Friends Electric song, I had another song called Rip go to number 1 in the Kerrang TV chart, so I was pulling new people in from very different areas of musical interest. That was quite an amazing week.
Im a big fan of Mashable and TechCrunch and other outlets like that, but TechMeme obviously does an amazing job of aggregating.
My daughter is in love with Adele. She listens to her every day. To see someone with that much passion and soul move a 9-year-old is amazing and its magical.
I think having children is the most amazing thing.
I put the costume on and said Its not very comfortable, but it looks amazing, so its all good.
My mother is the coolest, most amazing person I know.
There are some amazing stories from all over this country, where peoples work and contribution has been acknowledged. To be part of that is an absolutely fantastic feeling.
I decided to give acting a serious, committed try, and soon after, I read the script for Lovely and Amazing. The story was beautiful and honest, and the characters struggled with the same insecurities many women - including me - face. I didnt think I had a chance in hell of being in the film, but I knew I had to go for it.
I really would love to do a piece like Julia Roberts or Charlize Theron in Erin Brockovich or North Country. They were both so amazing and so inspiring. I would love to touch someone in the way their performances touched me.
Im an actor, so sometimes there are moments where I think about everything thats happening and I want to cry. Im doing what I love and I will be doing it for a very, very long time - and its amazing. A lot of people dont get to do that.
I have a full life: I have two amazing kids, I have great friends, great family. And right now, thats plenty for me to manage. A new relationship just seems like way too much work.
Ive worked on films where the budgets are almost limitless and youre in trailers that are bigger than a hotel room. Youre taken care of and the food is amazing, the quality of the job is amazing and then you work on smaller things but it never dictates my happiness or my willingness to go to work.
It is amazing to think after all that has happened in this country in the last few years, the last few decades, that so many people have this blind faith that government is our friend and therefore, so we dont need protections against it.
Once the kids are in school, its amazing what you can do.
The feeling of your baby taking nourishment from your body for the first time is amazing, and it remains the most touching moment of my life.
Growing up in New York has influenced my style so much, and I have an amazing relationship with my stylist, Estee Stanley. We have so much fun with the whole process. She picks out dresses, I try things on and play dress up, and we get creative to see what works.
Every now and then, I have blissful moments of thanking God for all the amazing things that are happening. When I leave the White House after just meeting Obama or when I see my face on the cover of Rolling Stone or when I meet someone who tells me that their daughter is inspired by me, those are moments that are incredibly joyful.
Im overjoyed and beyond honored to be a part of the LOreal Paris family. Im such a fan of LOreal Paris not just for all of their amazing products, but for what they stand for.
I got fitter when I did Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. I wore a loincloth - thats a lot of motivation!
Of course this is Vegas and it is the melting pot for all over the world, but people from all over the world know Donny and Marie. It is amazing. I have been in the business a long time to realize careers can be fleeting. Five years is a long career nowadays for some people, and here we are still going strong after 40 years.
Working with amazing people, you continue to learn and develop yourself, as an actor and as a person.
I never travel without my Stetson, but the more I wear it the more I realise that no one wears hats any more. When I was a kid everybody wore hats, especially in Texas, but I get off the plane in Dallas now and Im the only guy with a hat. Its amazing.
As his partner on this amazing journey, I can tell you Mitt Romney was not handed success. He built it.
And I thought, when I have kids, thats the sort of well told, silly, and fun fairy tale that I would want to take them to. But it was an amazing experience. And I think Shrek is a real classic, a fairy tale classic.
The overall physical demand that Iraq has is pretty amazing. Its 130 degrees, and the soldiers are carrying about 100 pounds of extra gear. Its a pretty rigorous schedule and routine for them.
I work with all these amazing voice actors that do a kajillion voices.
You have to wait for a big star to come in and generate interest on a project, and now that has become me, which is an amazing blessing.
We are on the precipice of a crisis, a Constitutional crisis. The checks and balances, which have been at the core of this Republic, are about to be evaporated by the nuclear option. The checks and balances that say if you get 51% of the vote, you dont get your way 100% of the time. It is amazing, its almost a temper tantrum.
I mean, there are some amazing storytelling being done on the small screen right now. Thats what so cool about being in television right now. Studios, networks are starting to throw more resources, better writers, more production values... and to be part of that is awesome.
I love vintage shopping, I think its really fun. And I love the feeling of finding the most amazing piece for less.
Its been such a deep and amazing journey for me, getting close to John Keats, and also I love Shelley and Byron. I mean, the thing about the Romantic poets is that theyve got the epitaph of romantic posthumously. They all died really young, and Keats, the youngest of them all.
In football you always get judged on your last game. Whoever you are, or how amazing you are, its the last game that everyone has seen.
I just want to be a part of great stories, whether Im part of an amazing ensemble cast or Im leading it or the antagonist or whatever.
The last real movie stars were probably Redford and Newman. And things were different then. There wasnt this amazing amount of magazines and information about them.
There are so many different people that Ive emulated vocally. In the rock world - Sebastian Bach, Vince Neil, Freddie Mercury, Robert Plant. They all had amazing vocal talent.
When Im doing a film, I love getting together after work with my costars. But we get back to L.A. and Im like, I dont want to go to a club with you, dude. I mean, I think youre rad, and if you want to come play Scrabble with me, thats amazing.
I saw Ellen and my knees were weak. It was amazing. And it was very hard for me to get her out of my mind after that. Then when I saw her that night, we started talking, and thats that.
Politically, Obamas amazing streak of self-destructing opponents who have lain beneath his feet during his unlikely political career appears to be holding.
I know some of my parents friends think Little Britain is in incredibly poor taste. But swimming the Channel? You cant really say anything negative about that, can you? Theres nothing better than making your parents happy. The glee on my fathers face that day was amazing.
I run from Horatio Street down just past Battery Park City and back. Its amazing to run and see the Statue of Liberty and the ferries coming in. People think if youre not near Central Park, theres nowhere to go, but theres a whole ecosystem happening down here.
I thought, after the Pulitzer, at least nothing will surprise me quite that much in my life. And another one happened. It was quite amazing.
Its amazing how coke encompasses everything in your life. Addicts cannot confront life because they only think of their next hit. I ruined life for my parents, my sister and all my friends.
Its kind of amazing how popular Greys Anatomy is. What other show can boast such an annoyingly sincere cast of doctors, sniveling through such perfunctory love triangles?
Motion capture is amazing. I prefer it. You wear a Power Ranger-esque suit, you have tape balls on you, you have 60 cameras around you capturing your every movement and theres no hair, no makeup.
For Around the World in 80 Plates we got to travel all over, having what was like a cross between a culinary competition and races. And in each country we had a chef Ambassador. We went to London, Barcelona, Bologna, Hong Kong, Thailand, Morocco... It was amazing.
I go to Saint Barth in the French West Indies for two weeks each year. That place is amazing. Amazing people, beautiful beaches, great wine, wonderful harbors... Its incredibly romantic.
I was homeless for a little bit. I was on peoples couches, but it was an amazing journey. I got to make people laugh all the way.
God bless you if you have one child, but I dont think anybody should have just one child. Everybody needs a sibling. I have siblings, and I have so many amazing, precious memories with my siblings. I dont know what I would do if I had been an only child.
I got amazing training both with Theatre Sports... back in Edmonton, Alberta - I cant give those people enough credit - and the daytime drama I did. Incredible training, both of them.
My parents were kind of like me in that they had tons and tons of weird, amazing stuff.
I have a really amazing fan club, its contemporary but its a little bit old school. Theres a lot of connection. I have a fan club president who really responds to people.
Its amazing how much you can absorb on a film set.
I just think were living in a time of massive, amazing change, like the Industrial Revolution on acid.
Theatre, when it is at its best, takes a lot of beating - the live experience and the shared collective experience of live storytelling is really special when it is good. Particularly here in New York because the audiences are amazing, very vocal and very engaged, and that makes theatre very exciting.
As a young black boy, it made me proud to see black leaders that did something amazing and made the world change.
Well, Jeff Buckley for me is one of the greatest singers Ive ever heard. And the reason why is he has an amazing range, amazing emotional power in his voice. And the music he put around it also just had this passion and this soul to it and this spirit to it that very few artists have, and he passed at a very young age.
I love Louisiana. Its amazing.
Id said to my sweetheart a couple of days before that the SAG and Spirit Award nomination was amazing and I had no attachment to the Academy Award. I knew I was an underdog so I just decided to sleep through the announcement.
Do you like my suit? I think this is an amazing suit, dont you think?
Walmart is an amazing story of entrepreneurship and, as one of the worlds most powerful brands, touches millions of lives every day.
I think whats really amazing is that given the scale of the web and getting the compute power we have today, were starting to see things that appear intelligent but actually arent semantically intelligent.
Linda Georgian is a wonderful psychic. She can do amazing things.
The resilience of these people is amazing. I am a great believer that the sooner we get things up and running in terms of sport in this area, the better.
I walk into a kids store, and its amazing, the types of instruments - little squeaky things, rattling things, spinning tops.
The human body and mind are tremendous forces that are continually amazing scientists and society. Therefore, we have no choice but to keep an open mind as to what the human being can achieve.
Going to a concert is so overwhelming and the energy is amazing.
I look up to Mick Jagger because hes an amazing performer and hes such an individual. I respect him and admire him eternally.
I have two younger sisters and Im such an advocate of owning who you are as a person. Dont be ashamed or intimidated. Never feel like you are not amazing.
Whether its 18 years old or 40 years old, we think we know whats going on. But if youre lucky enough to continue the journey, its amazing how we keep learning how much we didnt know.
The business that people do in LA on the social level is amazing. You go to a restaurant, bump into this guy or that guy. The next day you get a call, and they want you in their movie.
The current Babe Ruth of improv? Sacha Baron Cohen. Hes pretty amazing.
Its amazing how I can just ramble on for hours, isnt it? And so unentertaining or uninteresting. But I can ramble on for hours. Its a sort of terrible gift, isnt it?
If my kids are doing well, then my life is going pretty well. And if my kids arent doing well, it doesnt matter how the other elements of my life are. Its kind of amazing to have a context like that. This is really wonderful.
My father is an amazing man.
What makes America amazing is that there have always been men and women of courage who were willing to think more about the future of their children and grandchildren than they did about their own political careers.
Im one of those people that thinks the Internet is amazing, and I cant believe it exists.
Its wonderful to be appreciated for being quirky, and to see Zooey Deschanel and the quirky, indie film types get mainstream play is amazing for women, because women are much more complicated than what weve see on TV in the past.
Ive done my best to work from a place of humility - always looking over your shoulder saying, Does this suck? and I think thats a good way to work. The other way to work is where you start to think, Im on fire, Im amazing! and I dont think thats the way to work.
I was terribly shy when I was growing up, I really wasnt confident with other people and I think I was always afraid of up or not being this very cool, amazing person that I wanted to be.
I just believe that the feeling of wonder is amazing. I am pushing myself as far as I can humanly push myself... I can only hope for the best and expect the worse.
Im tired of being around men all the time. Im going to start a band called Skirt with three girls and Ill play the guitar and sing backing vocals in drag. I went window shopping when I was in New York, saw a lot of amazing dresses.
Partly because his life ended before the age of 50, Hamilton was defined by the other founding fathers, and he managed, with amazing consistency, to alienate most of them.
So I won an Oscar. Its amazing. Ive got that for the rest of my life for a performance I am proud of. It nearly killed me. I am really proud of the film. Thats it, moving on.
Its a melting pot, southern Africa. You find these cultural collisions that result in art and music, and its pretty amazing.
I have a wonderful husband. I have three amazing kids.
My mom was amazing. She believed in me and we were best friends.
When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and youd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. Thats what were going to miss.
My dad was working abroad, in Iraq, and he was a doctor. We used to go and visit him, in Baghdad, off and on. For the first ten years of my life, we used to go backwards and forwards to Baghdad, so that was quite amazing. I spent a lot of time traveling around the Middle East.
Everything has combined to make my life in New York an amazing experience. I told my manager a few years ago that I wanted to move here and try acting in the theater.
Most of the southern hemisphere is unexplored. We had more exploration ships down there during Captain Cooks time than now. Its amazing.
Ive also long since realized that the way to really engage children is to give out prizes its amazing how it concentrates their minds.
When youre a stay-at-home mother you have to pretend its really boring, but its not. Its enriching and fulfilling, and an amazing experience. And then when youre a working mother you have to pretend that you feel guilty all day long.
My time at Honda was amazing. Some of my best times in Formula One, actually. I might not have won races, just one race, but I had a lot of fun.
My Movember moustache was never going to be as big as Nigel Mansells, but I tried my best. The amazing thing is that when you try to grow a moustache, you notice everyone elses. There are some amazing moustaches on the grid.
To go to the Oscars for Moneyball - that was pretty amazing. And to be able to go work with Kathryn Bigelow - thats going to be pretty sweet. Hopefully I dont have to go back to being a waiter. Thats still my main goal.
To go to the Oscars for Moneyball - that was pretty amazing.
After I finished high school I went to Hong Kong and Thailand and spent some time there. Just to get that whole experience of being out of the bubble that I was in from high school in Vancouver, to be able to travel around and be on your own was an amazing experience.
I was dating my first boyfriend in high school for a long time, and we broke up before prom. I hadnt met anyone else that I really wanted to go with, and my friends have always been amazing. So I went with my friends and got a million photos with them!
With fitness, I do Bikrams hot yoga. The gym that I have in my building is amazing. I love to do cardio and weights there.
You know, the reward for Captain America is amazing. Its always fun to see a giant spectacle film and see the fun stuff - the special effects.
The environmental benefits of hydrogen are also outstanding. When used as an energy source, hydrogen produces no emissions besides water. Zero polluting emissions, an amazing advance over the current sources of energy that we use.
Ill always be this crazy, fun person, but when its time to get married, Im going to be an amazing wife.
The difference between Marilyn Monroe and the early Pamela Anderson is not that great. Whats amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same.
Ive traveled all over the country for years speaking in churches, teaching the Ten Commandments. Its amazing if 2 percent of any congregation knows the Ten Commandments.
Shakespeare is all big themes, like the most amazing love, or the most scary war.
Fatherhood is the most amazing thing that could ever have happened in my life.
As a kid who wasnt into sports, at school I felt almost alienated at times, whereas in the theatre community there was this amazing sense of camaraderie. Early on, we would go to rehearsals with my dad and I was like the mascot for the backstage crew. That was a big part of my childhood, so I dreamed of one day doing a play in London.
It was said Daredevil grew up in Hells Kitchen, an amazing name for a neighbourhood. But that opened a Pandoras box of all the crime stuff I wanted to do. I borrowed liberally from Will Eisners The Spirit and turned Daredevil into a crime comic.
Comics are so full of amazing work. And I cant look at a drawing of a woman without thinking of, for instance, Wallace Wood and his amazing way of capturing beauty.
When you think of what Americans accomplished, building these amazing cities and all the good its done in the world, its kind of disheartening to hear so much hatred of America, not just from abroad, but internally.
So when I go home, sometimes, even when I had an amazing game, I always think about what I missed.
In America, Blackberry Farm in Tennessee is one of the most amazing hotels Ive had the privilege of staying at.
Its better to get the nutrients for healthy skin from food, not supplements. Salmon, walnuts, blueberries, spinach... lots of my favorite foods happen to be amazing for skin too.
I discovered something amazing, which has caused a lot of controversy - the fountain of youth. I have to keep it a secret!
Surfing is such an amazing concept. Youre taking on Nature with a little stick and saying, Im gonna ride you! And a lot of times Nature says, No youre not! and crashes you to the bottom.
When I look into the crowd, I see young and old, black and white - its amazing that Im able to connect with so many different kinds of people.
We are really on top of one another at the moment and I think it is amazing how we stay so close. Maybe thats the test. Why not totally put yourself together, rather than always wonder whether you actually like each other?
Considering the amount of information were bombarded by, its amazing if a song can transcend time.
I love insects. They are amazing.
There are very few dance companies in the world and you have to be phenomenal. You have to not be injured. You have to have a really strong mind to deal with the dance world. People who can do it are amazing to me. You cannot have a life outside of dance.
Beyonce is the most amazing woman in the world.
Well, when youre the youngest of five, parents kind of lose interest more and more through the children. I think my eldest brother was under loads of pressure to do something amazing with his life, but by the time I came around they were like, Well, lets hope he doesnt kill a guy.
I really liked the helicopter pilot in Dawn of the Dead, when he gets bitten and comes out of the elevator. That guy was amazing. He did this incredible walk that we didnt even know about until we started shooting.
First of all, plain and simple, you have no real idea of what it means to be famous until you become famous. Its a double-edged sword. Obviously there are a lot of amazing things about fame, but there are also a lot of challenging things about it.
Stevie Wonder is just one of those guys that completely delivers everything that you want to be true about Stevie Wonder. Hes an amazing human being, and the fairytale exists with that man.
Nobody has it all, but for me to even come close is amazing.
When you write biographies, whether its about Ben Franklin or Einstein, you discover something amazing: They are human.
You get moments all the time that kind of make you pinch yourself, some of them make you quite emotional. Winning a BRIT was a big moment because we were just so excited to be at the awards in the first place. Selling out Madison Square Garden was pretty amazing too. Then we woke to the news that our UK tour was sold out. It was crazy.
The attitude is we live and let live. This is actually an amazing change in values in a rather short time and its an example of freedom from religion.
Yes, the companionship is amazing. You know, you can get that physical attraction that happens is great, but then theres an awful lot of time and the rest of the day that you have to fill.
On the surface, rock and roll changes at an amazing pace. The influence of a figure like the Maharishi can appear and disappear in a matter of months. Talk about old fashioned rock and roll finds itself dead before it begins.
Its amazing that for actors mostly, its a risk to attach yourself to a film that you dont know whether or not its going to even be made and if you sign on, in doing so, who else is going to be in the movie with you.
I hate the stereotype of the pitfalls of the child actor. There are so many amazing examples - Natalie Portman, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Jodie Foster, Drew Barrymore - of people who have made it through.
I think its an amazing quality to be able to roll with the punches and not be totally ruined as a person because lifes been rough for you. Thats a really admirable way to go through your life.
Like most people my age, my job is the main focus of my life. I dont have some kind of jet-setting fabulous lifestyle where Im constantly in situations to acquire amazing anecdotes, thats it.
I think that in itself is kind of an amazing achievement to be able to say that your full-time career is in any creative arts, let alone a show that has kept people interested for coming on four seasons and hopefully more.
I dont like staying in hotels. I like to be in my own bed. San Diego as a city is really awesome. The only hard part of it for me is that Im away from my family and my house. But as far as shooting down there, we get amazing locations, and the crew is really, really stellar down there. They are really fun.
Id do pretty much anything to get back on stage. Id like to develop a new musical. I nearly had a heart attack when I heard that theyre developing John Waters Cry-Baby because that is so amazing and super and wonderful and I wish that I could be involved. But its not the right time and I understand that. But I hear things like that and I get that little tingle in my stomach.
Me and my friend Ioan Gruffudd are like chalk and cheese when it comes to clothes. He lives for his clothes and has an amazing wardrobe. If were going out Ill turn up at his house and say, I havent got anything to wear, and hell tut and sigh and then lend me something swanky.
Everything that has happened to me has been amazing and surprising.
And it is very sexy as well: somebody says Im taking you on a surprise date, you dont know where you are going and you cant see and then you put your hand out and there is a tiger. Amazing.
Housing Works is the coolest thrift store in the world, because not only are they the best thrift store - theyre not the most thrifty thrift store - but they have amazing stuff and all of their proceeds go directly to kids, mostly homeless kids, living with AIDS and HIV in New York, in the metropolitan area.
I seriously love to cook... My grandmother was an amazing cook. As a kid I used to help her make handmade pasta, Cavatelli and Ravioli. It was one of my favorite things to do. I love the idea of making whatever is in the fridge into something.
I tend to not watch things that are current. And then if everybody swears its amazing then Ill like watch the whole series in a weekend.
I think its very empowering to be able to have a career and to be a mother. It gives you an amazing sense of self.
What an amazing opportunity to do something like direct a movie and step out of your creative comfort zone and yet do something that is also so familiar at the same time. I was also just excited to have the chance to direct, which I may never get to do again.
The magic kit we developed with Idea Village is an extraordinary success in 40,000 stores across America. The TV commercial we shot for it has produced amazing results - unbelievable.
I had an amazing childhood, lots of love. But my dad worked his tail off, getting up at 4 in the morning and going off at 5, 6 oclock, yet he always had time to spend with his kids and his wife.
Magic is the oldest part of the show business profession. It can now be used as a forward-thinking tool to build a childs confidence. It has been an amazing part in many entertainers lives, including Steve Martin and the late Johnny Carson.
I know that my grandfather is 92 years old. And he has seen this country evolve in amazing ways. He looks at South Carolina and he says, wow, what an amazing state that we have the blessing to live within because of the evolution.
Well, what I love about 80s rock music is the amazing, fantastic melodies.
You dont have a lot of time you have to get it right. Its amazing how they create these episodes in such a short amount of time. They lavish a lot of care and money on each episode, and they just look terrific.
So it was good for me to play a likable person and it was just an amazing situation to be in.
My public image is so low-key, but I get to travel the world and still have an audience and its really amazing. I dont take that for granted.
Being on Glee was amazing. I remember my first day on set, my first day I arrived to the set I was in my trailer and all of the actors came and banged on my door - Lea Michele, Chris Colfer, Amber Riley, Naya Rivera. They all welcomed me with open arms, so it was a great experience. It felt like family, and I miss them a lot over there.
Thats an amazing moment, the first time you hear yourself on radio. Its still thrilling.
Recently Ive been doing risottos. Some of them have been amazing. Some of them, not all of them.
Alexander Gonzalez Inarritu is a great director. Hes the one I first worked with. Hes amazing.
I suppose its amazing when you think how many things people get involved in that dont work.
The amount of control you have over somebody if you can monitor internet activity is amazing.
Its amazing how quickly people on the internet can pick something up, but its also amazing how quickly they can drop it.
Being a mother is the most amazing thing that has ever happened to me in my life.
Its amazing what sleep does for your looks.
I started crying the other day just thinking that the baby is going to leave me soon! You have this relationship with this person in your belly and its really amazing.
My favorite designer is Christian Lacroix, not just because his clothes are amazing and I love them, but because hes so nice. When I did his fashion show, he was the first one to arrive there and he helped everyone.
Well, Id love to work with Kate Winslet - shes amazing.
It was amazing and inspiring to see so many people come together through music to aid the great state of Vermont.
Ive created, directed and choreographed for Lady Gaga since the beginning, so Born This Way, this was musically such an amazing evolution and such a brilliant record. So when she played it for me, it took me a while to find out the visual interpretation that I could give back to her.
If you love dance and you have the gift of teaching, teaching is super amazing and important because my teachers planted that seed in me. As a teacher you understand the difference or the definition of a Baryshnikov or a Gregory Hines, so teaching is really important and very necessary.
Choreography is amazing. Im still a dancer, yet I transitioned into choreography then as a Creative Director. All of these creative elements are brought out of being a dancer. Directing is something that comes out of understanding movement and choreography. Directing movement is directing a dance piece.
Whenever I listen to a childrens orchestra, I learn. They feel everything, they enjoy everything, they have amazing energy.
So for my studio purposes, I know that Im in my studio with technicians whove done amazing things to my board and to my power amps and I know what I can deliver out of my studio.
Its been amazing how this crazy career has been created. I feel that its been given to me. I wouldnt be anywhere without Victorias Secret.
But its amazing how many people think that gay men should slink off into the shadows when it comes to having friendships with children.
No, Arrested Development was such an amazing experience in every way, and you know it was very unique in that it was a show that received a lot of critical acclaim, and yet we didnt ever achieve the ratings that we wanted.
I stood for parliament with the amazing support and help of my ex-husband, but its not something that was handed to me like a peerage. I worked hard and was elected. So my achievements, such as they are, are my own.
Im not sure I make old bones in parliament. Its an amazing experience to have had but I cant see myself being Mother of the House.
After all these years, its still amazing what Obama is allowed to get away with. He says low gas prices in 2009 were caused by a terrible economy, but then claims that the lower number of illegal aliens crossing the border is because of his border policies, not the same lousy economy.
I think I came across Cecil Taylor a bit later, in 65 or 66. That really impressed me - Cecil Taylor is an amazing character... Both his music and the way he approaches the instrument are astonishing.
My dream career would be to be in things that have real heart and are telling real stories but while doing that, youre getting really big laughs. I dont necessarily love the straight crazy comedies. Caddyshack is amazing, but theres not a lot of new Caddyshacks.
I get to travel around the world and meet all of these amazing people, and theyre singing my songs! And to me, thats crazy.
In the past few years, weve been doing amazing stuff with desserts. Pastry chefs have been using herbs and spices in their desserts. So vanilla cake doesnt have to be just vanilla, it can have a little thyme. Or you could have a custard with a little lavender in it, which is just amazing.
Southern California, they have been amazing. Theyre totally with us.
I auditioned for Girls the fall after I graduated from Yale. The show has been amazing - as close to perfect as it gets!
Try as hard as we may for perfection, the net result of our labors is an amazing variety of imperfectness. We are surprised at our own versatility in being able to fail in so many different ways.
I dont get a chance to do many of my own stunts on Buffy - none of us do. We have amazing stunt people who make us all look really believable and really good.
Were all doing different things and some of the girls are mums, so priorities have changed. But I would love to do something with the Spice Girls again. I know we would have an amazing time.
I like what I see now in China, but I think the Japanese are a step ahead into craziness and weirdness. I go to galleries there that are the size of a New York elevator, and every time Im surprised by the amazing things I find. I really hope Ill be able to promote some of these artists, to show their work in the West.
You can be the best actor in the world, but if you dont have that one lucky moment, it kind of doesnt matter. There are a lot of amazing actors who will never get the chance to prove themselves because they wont have that one lucky moment.
The New York Quarterly is an amazing, intelligent, crazy, creative, strange, and indispensable magazine.
Im having a great time. I get to travel and see the world. And yeah, Ill have a family, because I dont want to miss out on that amazing experience, but its not defining who I am.
My family has been amazing, and they understand how blessed I am. Theyve been able to keep my sense of humor.
I just had that conversation this morning with my doctor. I just got back from the hospital a half-hour ago, and nothing will make me happier than to replicate the DNA of my amazing husband. Im optimistic.
It was amazing that during rehearsals, without any of the costume on, the character was there complete. It just happened. Half the time, I didnt know I was doing it.
New Orleans in an amazing town.
You can muck around with different guitars for certain bits, but you have to have your own sound. Thats your benchmark, thats your sound. I also play a Black Beauty. It sounds amazing.
Any day acting is an amazing day.
Its amazing that this is still news to people, but that affects the final outcome of the film. When people are treated well, and theyre made to feel valued, they give 110 percent.
Armie Hammer
Training in taekwondo for eight years and then being able to do it in a film was pretty amazing.
As a planning board commissioner, I have to review the applications for development throughout the city, and the bulk of those applications have been for the waterfront. I think the progress the waterfront has made is amazing.
It is amazing how the public steadfastly refuse to attend the third day of a match when so often the last day produces the best and most exciting cricket.
Usher is amazing. Hes perfection to me as a performer. He gets down.
Im jamming Black Sabbath Vol. 4 all the time. Zappas Cruising With Ruben &amp The Jets. A lot of Gong lately. Some Hawkwind. The Residents Duck Stab is amazing. Some Fugs. Lots of stuff, man. Im pretty schizophrenic with records.
I dont know if it has set in or not. Honestly, its crazy. Its such an amazing honor. I remember thinking back to being in my room waiting for the call to see if I got the part. Its like winning the lottery. Im proud to be a member of such an amazing cast - thats the best award of all.
I used the music kind of as therapy, and its just amazing that I feel so free after doing that. I feel like I had it trapped inside of me and now I feel free. So its been a very good therapy session for me as well.
Some of the most amazing human beings on the face of the planet go to sci-fi conventions, although Im sure a few of them wouldnt admit it.
When I left the show, the fans were so amazing in terms of the outpouring of support and continued support all that time whatever ways they could be in touch with me.
Sayles could pull a performance out of a dog. Im serious. He was just amazing. The world could fall apart and he remained on neutral.
I am auditioning again - getting back to theatre would be amazing.
Its so amazing to hear a crowd of people singing one of your songs. Its the best feeling.
Weve always described our sound as a bit more guitar driven than normal pop music. Kind of Pink in a boy band form. Weve heard a few people say that so now we use it. I think Pink is amazing person to be compared to.
I mean, its amazing that I get to meet all these people. Ive learned so much from all of them. I just worked with Sofia Coppola and that was amazing. I learned so much from her. I cant even describe how much fun I had.
New York is the coolest city. The place just never sleeps. Its amazing.
Science fiction is an amazing literature: plot elements that you would think would be completely worn out by now keep changing into surprising new forms.
Its the degree of success and the length of time that is amazing.
Music makes your soul feel amazing while youre performing it.
If were given a number of circumstances to deal with, the brain goes into this mode of trying to find a solution, and its amazing how good we are at it.
My family is just an amazing melting pot of wonderful religions and faiths.
One person Ive always wanted to work with who would be an amazing guest star would be James Earl Jones.
Personally I had the opportunity to go on several ride alongs with the LA County Sheriffs Department with some amazing detectives, who were invaluable to me.
Its amazing to see things that are suggested in the book fully developed and so brilliantly realized through the artistry of the designers.
Breaking Bad is the best, the greatest, the most amazing thing I have ever watched on television.
And Shanghai is amazing. Im a fan of science fiction so when youre there in the night with all the lights and all this modernity, its like a set in a movie.
I think that were in a really amazing time, where there are really a lot of really fantastic female actresses and comedians. I imagine theres just a lot of opportunity for women to have powerful roles. Or its just that theres more women writing TV. Women tend to maybe write strong women.
If I can help and influence girls who are going through body-image issues then I think thats amazing.
My dad was a journalist. He was in Rwanda right after the genocide. In Berlin when the wall came down. He was always disappearing and coming back with amazing stories. So telling stories for a living made sense to me.
It was an amazing performer. Very temperamental, it spent a lot of time in its trailer.
I had one drama teacher who was amazing, Ms. Perkins. She really tried to inspire me and get me going.
You know, The Golden Girls was a very unusual show to start on. I was young, and it was a show about old people, and it was a very traditional show, but it was also an amazing training ground for a joke-writer. It forced me to learn those skills.
Its amazing the hours you pull when youre the lead of a show.
Im crazy about my father, hes an amazing man, a real adventurer. He took us with him to travel all over the world. We were in places that were so remote, that white people hardly ever reach them.
Shanghai set out to take over from Hong Kong and I think its done that. Its got the most amazing futuristic skyline which rivals and even betters Tokyo.
My mom is a really good cook. I didnt get the cooking gene, but she cooks this really amazing dinner every Christmas, and thats always really fun.
True Blood is amazing. I have to give a shout out to Melrose Place because I do watch. I love Entourage. One of my favorite shows back in the day was Friday Night Lights.
Everyone at home is so supportive. People recognise me, say how proud they are of me. Its awesome to hear, its amazing to know I can touch so many people in a positive way.
Ted Danson is amazing. Hes incredible.
I had amazing stuff happen right off the top. I thought this was how it worked. Hollywood is awesome! Cut to three years later: What happened?
Despite the amazing diversity were blessed with in this country, schools are still in large part segregated because of economic disparity. Sports are one of the few areas where kids are really given the opportunity to interact with those of different races and religions.
Its been an amazing year of individual performances.
When you think of it I havent really done a lot of horror. Its amazing: I have done some really good ones, but I havent done a lot of them.
Its amazing what you can get on open source now if you actually use the right search engines to find the material.
Its just amazing that there are so many prejudices even now.
They played Boston. They played at the Boston Tea Party and through an amazing chain of events I got to hang out with them backstage even though I was underage.
One of the amazing things about the Internet is that the content creators are the gatekeepers. We can think of an idea and execute it quickly, and we didnt have to pitch the idea to a major network or convince a studio head to sign-off on the concept.
I know plenty of actresses in their early thirties who look amazing, although theres that old saying: Ladies get older, men get more distinguished.
Its amazing to me that, in the 42 years since President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law, women today still receive fewer wages than men for the same work.
It is really quite amazing that all of the folks supporting privatization, from the president on down, keep invoking the name of my grandfather, Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
To make a couple putts to win the Masters is just an amazing feeling.
It is amazing that it is my destiny to be the first Aussie to win the Masters.
I want to buy my mom a house I want my family to never have to worry about anything. And I just want to have an amazing career in music, because I love to do it.
Steven Tyler is awesome. He is so humble. Hes really sweet and coming from him and his career, its amazing.
The best part is its a dream come true. Ive always wanted to be a working actor, and the good part of it... its all good! I work long hours, but its amazing. They pay me. Thats amazing! I get to kiss Keri Russell, and that aint too bad.
I got to work with Jennifer Tilly, she was amazing. Such, such a smart actress.
I listen to every thing, all kinds of stuff. Ive been obsessed with the Nas and Damian Marley record, Distant Relatives. I feel like a lot of people havent heard it, and its amazing.
I have the most amazing support network around me.
I enjoy looking at words on paper and visualizing how to make them come to life. As a director, the creative process is really amazing.
Its so amazing, standing on the corner -this happened in Washington, D.C. - and somebody comes by in a Cadillac and you hear Manic Monday on the radio, and you dont even know this person, and theyre listening to it and singing along with it. Wow! Blows your mind.
The past 6 and a half years have been the most amazing years of my life. Its sad it has come to an end but Avril and I are still family and moving forward in the most positive way possible.
Having my first number one single and being able to travel to places Ive never been before has been amazing. The tour was also fantastic. There are so many things which Ive experienced this year which I never even dreamed of.
The Beethoven Experience provided the opportunity to solidify the relationship between the Orchestra and me, the Orchestra and me and the public, between all of us and the city of New York, because Beethoven after all is a really amazing point of reference.
Maggie Smith is an amazing woman, and not as serious in real life.
Janet Jackson is an icon, Ive been honored to meet her a few times, working with her would be amazing.
What do I think of L.A.? Its boring, with some amazing nuggets. Like there are some parts of it that are great, but by and large I think its quite boring.
I think Andrew Stanton is such an amazing, creative mind.
Its amazing... to enjoy the results of your labor.
I think Gina Rowlands is an amazing actress.
Obviously, theres the seedy side of the strip club world and pole dancing. But, pole dancing, as an art form, is really beautiful. Its been hyper-sexualized because its associated with strippers, but if you think about it, just in terms of other kinds of dancing, theyre using an instrument to create these amazing dance forms.
The fact that I even get in Broadway shows is, to me, still amazing, but then to win a Tony was just incredible.
I just feel energized when I am around young, talented people. There is something about these kids thats amazing. I learn as much from them as they do from me.
Its amazing that something only an atom thick can be an impenetrable barrier. You can have gas on one side and vacuum or liquid on the other, and with a wall only one atom thick, nothing would go through it.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else you are the one who gets burned.
Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybodys power and is not easy.
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools.
Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean.
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
Anger and intolerance are the enemies of correct understanding.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
When angry, count to four when very angry, swear.
When angry count to ten before you speak. If very angry, count to one hundred.
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
Usually when people are sad, they dont do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change.
When anger rises, think of the consequences.
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.
It is impossible for you to be angry and laugh at the same time. Anger and laughter are mutually exclusive and you have the power to choose either.
Anger is a killing thing: it kills the man who angers, for each rage leaves him less than he had been before - it takes something from him.
Dont get the impression that you arouse my anger. You see, one can only be angry with those he respects.
Get mad, then get over it.
He who angers you conquers you.
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.
Beware of him that is slow to anger for when it is long coming, it is the stronger when it comes, and the longer kept. Abused patience turns to fury.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love.
When you are offended at any mans fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it.
Anger, if not restrained, is frequently more hurtful to us than the injury that provokes it.
A man that studieth revenge keeps his own wounds green.
Hatred is an affair of the heart contempt that of the head.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Every time you get angry, you poison your own system.
Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.
Speak when you are angry - and youll make the best speech youll ever regret.
Anger is a short madness.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts his eyes.
The deferring of anger is the best antidote to anger.
If a small thing has the power to make you angry, does that not indicate something about your size?
Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong.
Always write angry letters to your enemies. Never mail them.
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
One should not lose ones temper unless one is certain of getting more and more angry to the end.
He that would be angry and sin not, must not be angry with anything but sin.
There is nothing that so much gratifies an ill tongue as when it finds an angry heart.
No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched.
Never go to bed angry, stay up and fight.
Anger is one of the sinews of the soul.
Never contend with a man who has nothing to lose.
Revenge is often like biting a dog because the dog bit you.
How often it is that the angry man rages denial of what his inner self is telling him.
Fair peace becomes men ferocious anger belongs to beasts.
Keep cool anger is not an argument.
The world needs anger. The world often continues to allow evil because it isnt angry enough.
Somebody hits me, Im going to hit him back. Even if it does look like he hasnt eaten in a while.
A wonderful emotion to get things moving when one is stuck is anger. It was anger more than anything else that had set me off, roused me into productivity and creativity.
Experts say you should never hit your children in anger. When is a good time? When youre feeling festive?
Discussion is an exchange of knowledge an argument an exchange of ignorance.
Expressing anger is a form of public littering.
I know of no more disagreeable situation than to be left feeling generally angry without anybody in particular to be angry at.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
Forgiveness is the economy of the heart... forgiveness saves the expense of anger, the cost of hatred, the waste of spirits.
In our daily life, we encounter people who are angry, deceitful, intent only on satisfying their own needs. There is so much anger, distrust, greed, and pettiness that we are losing our capacity to work well together.
Generally speaking, if a human being never shows anger, then I think somethings wrong. Hes not right in the brain.
Anger is the enemy of non-violence and pride is a monster that swallows it up.
In times of great stress or adversity, its always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
Holding on to anger, resentment and hurt only gives you tense muscles, a headache and a sore jaw from clenching your teeth. Forgiveness gives you back the laughter and the lightness in your life.
I know, to banish anger altogether from ones breast is a difficult task. It cannot be achieved through pure personal effort. It can be done only by Gods grace.
We should meet abuse by forbearance. Human nature is so constituted that if we take absolutely no notice of anger or abuse, the person indulging in it will soon weary of it and stop.
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.
Speak the truth, do not yield to anger give, if thou art asked for little by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.
Anger is a manifestation of a deeper issue... and that, for me, is based on insecurity, self-esteem and loneliness.
I think my passion is misinterpreted as anger sometimes. And I dont think people are ready for the message that Im delivering, and delivering with a sense of violent love.
The components of anxiety, stress, fear, and anger do not exist independently of you in the world. They simply do not exist in the physical world, even though we talk about them as if they do.
My recipe for dealing with anger and frustration: set the kitchen timer for twenty minutes, cry, rant, and rave, and at the sound of the bell, simmer down and go about business as usual.
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems - not people to focus your energies on answers - not excuses.
What I needed most was to love and to be loved, eager to be caught. Happily I wrapped those painful bonds around me and sure enough, I would be lashed with the red-hot pokers or jealousy, by suspicions and fear, by burst of anger and quarrels.
Theres nothing wrong with anger provided you use it constructively.
Love implies anger. The man who is angered by nothing cares about nothing.
I have not lost faith in God. I have moments of anger and protest. Sometimes Ive been closer to him for that reason.
Hurt leads to bitterness, bitterness to anger, travel too far that road and the way is lost.
The ignorant mind, with its infinite afflictions, passions, and evils, is rooted in the three poisons. Greed, anger, and delusion.
Anger cannot be dishonest.
I dont think that you can fake warmth. You can fake lust, jealousy, anger those are all quite easy. But actual, genuine warmth? I dont think you can fake it.
Genuine forgiveness does not deny anger but faces it head-on.
Anger ventilated often hurries towards forgiveness anger concealed often hardens into revenge.
Anger: an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
Anger is the most impotent of passions. It effects nothing it goes about, and hurts the one who is possessed by it more than the one against whom it is directed.
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And well change the world.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Anger is like those ruins which smash themselves on what they fall.
Guilt is anger directed at ourselves - at what we did or did not do. Resentment is anger directed at others - at what they did or did not do.
Were taught to be ashamed of confusion, anger, fear and sadness, and to me theyre of equal value to happiness, excitement and inspiration.
I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive.
Im not as angry as I used to be. But I can get in touch with that anger pretty quickly if I feel my space is being invaded or somebody is not treating me with the respect that I think I want.
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.
It isnt enough just to scream at the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations. We need our political system to start reflect this anger back into, How do we fix it? How do we get the economy going again?
Hatred is inveterate anger.
Theres a lot of bitterness, theres a lot of anger out there. We all have to work hard to heal those wounds.
The only justice is to follow the sincere intuition of the soul, angry or gentle. Anger is just, and pity is just, but judgement is never just.
Hatred is settled anger.
Obama and his attack dogs have nothing but hate and anger in their hearts and spew it whenever possible.
You must never be satisfied with losing. You must get angry, terribly angry, about losing. But the mark of the good loser is that he takes his anger out on himself and not his victorious opponents or on his teammates.
The fear really hits you. Thats what you feel first. And then its the anger and frustration. Part of the problem is how little we understand about the ultimate betrayal of the body when it rebels against itself.
Acting in anger and hatred throughout my life, I frequently precipitated what I feared most, the loss of friendships and the need to rely upon the very people Id abused.
The one who cannot restrain their anger will wish undone, what their temper and irritation prompted them to do.
Be modest, humble, simple. Control your anger.
People are always angry at America. Theyre absolutely certain that America either caused their problems or is deliberately not fixing their problems. But the anger is always directed at America and never at Americans.
Youve just got to have a sense of respect for the person you have children with. Anger doesnt help anybody. Ultimately you have to say forgiveness is important, and honoring what you had together is important. But its easy to say and harder to do.
As far as having peace within myself, the one way I can do that is forgiving the people who have done wrong to me. It causes more stress to build up anger. Peace is more productive.
The voice of the intelligence is drowned out by the roar of fear. It is ignored by the voice of desire. It is contradicted by the voice of shame. It is biased by hate and extinguished by anger. Most of all it is silenced by ignorance.
The world in general doesnt know what to make of originality it is startled out of its comfortable habits of thought, and its first reaction is one of anger.
Id be lying if I said I wasnt angry some days. But I really have worked hard to put a lot of the anger and disappointment in the past.
Five enemies of peace inhabit with us - avarice, ambition, envy, anger, and pride if these were to be banished, we should infallibly enjoy perpetual peace.
Lawyers are men who hire out their words and anger.
Its a joke to think that anyone is one thing. Were all such complex creatures. But if Im going to be a poster child for anything, angers a gorgeous emotion. It gets a bad rap, but it can make great changes happen.
Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind. Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten.
Do not follow vain desires for verily he who prospers is preserved from lust, greed and anger.
All those who offer an opinion on any doubtful point should first clear their minds of every sentiment of dislike, friendship, anger or pity.
I really believe that all of us have a lot of darkness in our souls. Anger, rage, fear, sadness. I dont think thats only reserved for people who have horrible upbringings. I think it really exists and is part of the human condition. I think in the course of your life you figure out ways to deal with that.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
When I was younger, I was terrified to express anger because it would often kick-start a horrible reaction in the men in my life. So I bit my tongue. I was left to painstakingly deal with the aftermath of my avoidance later in life, in therapy or through the lyrics of my songs.
The flame of anger, bright and brief, sharpens the barb of love.
What starts the process, really, are laughs and slights and snubs when you are a kid. If your anger is deep enough and strong enough, you learn that you can change those attitudes by excellence, personal gut performance.
Although you may spend your life killing, You will not exhaust all your foes. But if you quell your own anger, your real enemy will be slain.
The opposite of anger is not calmness, its empathy.
A lot of my humor does come from anger. Its like, youre not gonna pull one over on me - which is pretty much my motto anyways.
President Obama clearly cannot run on his record. All hes offering is more of the same. Thats not good. Look at the economy. Its stagnating. And so, what theyre now going to try and do is bring this campaign down to little things, distractions, distortions, smear, fear, anger, frustration.
To talk about balance, its easier to talk about whats out of balance. And I think anytime that you have any disease, and disease meaning lack of ease, lack of flow... dis-ease. So any time theres disease, youre out of balance, whether its jealousy, anger, greed, anxiety, fear.
People are unjust to anger - it can be enlivening and a lot of fun.
Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one.
All anger is not sinful, because some degree of it, and on some occasions, is inevitable. But it becomes sinful and contradicts the rule of Scripture when it is conceived upon slight and inadequate provocation, and when it continues long.
George wrote Taxman, and I played guitar on it. He wrote it in anger at finding out what the taxman did. He had never known before then what could happen to your money.
Grab the broom of anger and drive off the beast of fear.
I dont think your ability to fight has anything to do with how big you are. Its to do with how much anger is in you.
Like fragile ice anger passes away in time.
My therapist says I still havent got in touch with my anger. Maybe one day Im going to explode. But Im still really happy. I know it looks like a strange and painful upbringing - all those experiences led me to the paths that Im on now.
When someone says that Im angry its actually a compliment. I have not always been direct with my anger in my relationships, which is part of why Id write about it in my songs because I had such fear around expressing anger as a woman.
I think Im basically the same guy I always was. Maybe Ive learned, through experience, to rein in some of the anger and temper they say redheads normally have.
Growing up in a particular neighborhood, growing up in a working-class family, not having much money, all of those things fire you and can give you an edge, can give you an anger.
Well, all comedy starts with anger. You get angry, and its never for a good reason, right? You know its not a good reason. And then you try and work it from there.
What influenced me was Tori Amos, who was unapologetic about expressing anger through music, and Sinead OConnor. Those two in particular were really moving for me, and very inspiring, before I wrote Jagged Little Pill.
Anger is as a stone cast into a wasps nest.
My dear brothers, take note of this: Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry, for mans anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires.
Im an angry person, angrier than most people would imagine, I get flashes of anger. What works for me is working out when its useful to use that anger.
Quite a lot of our contemporary culture is actually shot through with a resentment of limits and the passage of time, anger at what we cant do, fear or even disgust at growing old.
Words can be said in bitterness and anger, and often there seems to be an element of truth in the nastiness. And words dont go away, they just echo around.
Religion can emerge in all forms of feeling: here wild anger, there the sweetest pain here consuming hatred, there the childlike smile of serene humility.
Fantastic tyrant of the amorous heart. How hard thy yoke, how cruel thy dart. Those escape your anger who refuse your sway, and those are punished most, who most obey.
I turned to music originally because of my past and needing a release or an outlet to get out anger or frustration or hurt.
Wars spring from unseen and generally insignificant causes, the first outbreak being often but an explosion of anger.
I have to say that anger is the blanket that comes around me, and that blunts and blurs my sense of proportion.
Im fascinated by rap and by hip-hop. I think theres a lot of poetry in it. Theres a lot of anger, a lot of social energy in it. And I think youd better listen to it pretty carefully, cause its important.
The bare recollection of anger kindles anger.
There was never an angry man that thought his anger unjust.
I think we all have a lot of darkness in our bellies. As an actor, the challenge of tapping into that, reaching down into that sadness or anger, is very therapeutic.
Allowing children to show their guilt, show their grief, show their anger, takes the sting out of the situation.
I think that Scottish people, like Canadians, are often misunderstood and what I like about my Scottish friends and relatives is how quickly it can go from love to anger. Its a great dynamic.
He who is incapable of feeling strong passions, of being shaken by anger, of living in every sense of the word, will never be a good actor.
Anger may repast with thee for an hour, but not repose for a night the continuance of anger is hatred, the continuance of hatred turns malice.
Yeah, to me, acting is very therapeutic. I get out a lot of anger and frustration.
I grew up looking at my father as to how to behave. In watching him I grasped so many things. His own temperament was of a calm person. He was very composed and I never saw anger in him. To me, that was fascinating.
All who consult on doubtful matters, should be void of hatred, friendship, anger, and pity.
Men make angry music and its called rock-and-roll women include anger in their vocabulary and suddenly theyre angry and militant.
Ive been trying to learn how to not be so conflicted about things like my own anger. Ive always had a place in my music for my anger as a way of compensating for not having a mechanism to express it in my everyday life. So Ive been trying to be more true to myself, and that helps me to chill out a little bit. But politically, uh-uh. No.
Shock, confusion, fear, anger, grief, and defiance. On Sept. 11, 2001, and for the three days following the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil, President George W. Bush led with raw emotion that reflected the publics whipsawing stages of acceptance.
For me music is a vehicle to bring our pain to the surface, getting it back to that humble and tender spot where, with luck, it can lose its anger and become compassion again.
In plain terms, a child is a complicated creature who can drive you crazy. Theres a cruelty to childhood, theres an anger.
Anger is an expensive luxury in which only men of certain income can indulge.
Im not a screamer. Im confrontational, but I dont think that translates into anger.
All through life Ive harbored anger rather than expressed it at the moment.
My passion and energy get mistaken for anger.
When we can lay down our fear and anger and choose responses other than aggression, we create the conditions for bringing out the best in us humans.
Your anger is a gift.
At the time, 1980, people regarded actresses involved with production with a certain amount of fear, resentment and anger.
The great thing about celebrity culture is that they cant seem to stop themselves from displaying their ridiculous behaviour. I feel its my job as a serious investigative journalist to witness all kinds of behaviour and then report back to the audience through the prism of my own anger and bitterness.
In general I was a good kid. It usually took a lot to make me mad. But once I reached the boiling point, I lost all rational control. Totally without thinking, when my anger was aroused, I grabbed the nearest brick, rock, or stick to bash someone. It was as if I had no conscious will in the matter.
Anger elicits anger, fear elicits fear, no matter how well meaning we may be.
Anger and hate against one we love steels our hearts, but contempt or pity leaves us silent and ashamed.
I have a right to my anger, and I dont want anybody telling me I shouldnt be, that its not nice to be, and that somethings wrong with me because I get angry.
I have some anger issues.
The intoxication of anger, like that of the grape, shows us to others, but hides us from ourselves.
The upside to anger? Getting it out of your system. You got to express your anger. Then you have room for more positive things. If I hold something in a long time, and then I speak it, its amazing how the light shines so much brighter.
I drank for about 25 years getting over the loss of my father and I took the anger out on myself. I did a good job at beating myself up at sometimes. I dont drink anymore but my alcoholic head occasionally says different. Nil By Mouth was a love letter to my father because I needed to resolve some issues in order to be able to forgive him.
Anger has a way of seeping into every other emotion and planting itself in there.
Anger is a great force. If you control it, it can be transmuted into a power which can move the whole world.
Its usually a big kind of vent of frustration or anger or sadness that puts me in the right frame of mind to write. Its such a cliche to say that artists write when theyre down, but its true for me. Its a relief to get out whats eating away at my heart or my soul or my head.
Anger tears me up inside... My own... or anyone elses.
He took over anger to intimidate subordinates, and in time anger took over him.
We are losing sight of civility in government and politics. Debate and dialogue is taking a back seat to the politics of destruction and anger and control. Dogma has replaced thoughtful discussion between people of differing views.
I dont play pyrotechnic scales. I play about frustration, patience, anger. Music is an extension of my soul.
Im not someone who feels anger on particular issues.
Take the high road. No matter how much strife, and consternation, frustration and anger you might be confronted with - dont go to that level.
Something my mum taught me years and years and years ago, is lifes just too short to carry around a great bucket-load of anger and resentment and bitterness and hatreds and all that sort of stuff.
My humour has always come from anger, but I have to make sure I dont just get angry and jump on a soapbox.
Anger is a good motivator.
And I think theres something about conservatives frankly - and the Left, when it comes to their channels of persuasion, are unpersuasive. They are, most of them are hate-filled, obscenity-clogged rants of anger and hatred.
If anger proceeds from a great cause, it turns to fury if from a small cause, it is peevishness and so is always either terrible or ridiculous.
I accrued anger from peoples low opinion of me and my work, and for the work I might be capable of.
Ive learned that football sometimes was an outlet. It was a way for me to release anger, release frustration.
Anger is a momentary madness, so control your passion or it will control you.
Its a very difficult thing for people to accept, seeing women act out anger on the screen. Were more accustomed to seeing men expressing rage and women crying.
He best keeps from anger who remembers that God is always looking upon him.
I did not want to put myself on the line, as an Australian playing Britains greatest comic actor. The fans of Sellers are obsessive, possessive - and aggressive. I did not want to risk their anger - or my own reputation.
On banks, I make no apology for attacking spivs and gamblers who did more harm to the British economy than Bob Crow could achieve in his wildest Trotskyite fantasies, while paying themselves outrageous bonuses underwritten by the taxpayer. There is much public anger about banks and it is well deserved.
Whether one agrees or disagrees with the tactics of the Occupy Wall Street movement, its easy to understand the inspiration for its anger as well as its impatience.
When you learn that a truth is a lie, anger follows.
Good satire comes from anger. It comes from a sense of injustice, that there are wrongs in the world that need to be fixed. And what better place to get that well of venom and outrage boiling than a newsroom, because youre on the front lines.
In high school I dated a white woman. She would come to visit me on the rez. And her dad, who was very racist, didnt like that at all. And he told her one time, You shouldnt go on the rez if youre white because Indians have a lot of anger in their heart.
People have said Im the candidate of anger. Well, we have a right to be angry. We lost 3 million jobs. We lost our place as the moral leader of the world.
I think anger and laughter are very close to each other, when you think about it.
All improv turns into anger. All comedy improv basically turns into anger, because thats all people know how to do when theyre improvising. If you notice shows that are improvising are generally people yelling at each other.
As the plane got closer to Miami, I had this terrible feeling he was dying. Maybe he was telling me that he was going. I felt anger, panic, despair and helplessness.
Men are fair, and they have learned not to personalize anger - they can disagree with you and argue to the bone, but afterward they still consider you a nice person with whom the underlying human relationship need not be altered.
I guess because I had such a horrible life growing up, going from place to place not knowing what I was gonna do and ending up being homeless, there was a lot of pain and a lot of anger that was coming out through my guitar playing.
Wise anger is like fire from a flint: there is great ado to get it out and when it does come, it is out again immediately.
I had a lot of anger because I wasnt happy with the way I had been raised.
So Im not worried about the emotions I carry with me, because Im happy that I have them I think its good for the work I do. The emotions that are not healthy are the ones you hold inside, like anger.
But one of the hardest things for me to do was to access anger. I could do it on stage. But when I did it on film it was hard for me. That probably has to do with the intimacy of film. And my own personal issues with expressing anger. So I had to learn how to do that.
To rule ones anger is well to prevent it is better.
I was able to do To Sleep with Anger, a very powerful film about African Americans, their spirituality, and the things that happened within a small community and a family.
The anger of lovers renews their love.
Life is precious and theres not a lot of room for anger.
I think I would cope like anyone copes with any tragedy. Im sure I would be very upset for a while and then there would come a point where I would either have to stay in this place of darkness and anger, or Id have to accept that it happened.
Everybody kind of perceives me as being angry. Its not anger, its motivation.
There are people still in the Republican Party that I believe practice the communication of anger, of disappointment, of regret, of pain, of sorrow, of suffering. Thats not what the American people want to hear.
Ive purged myself of bitterness and anger and remained open to love.
Imagine a thousand more such daily intrusions in your life, every hour and minute of every day, and you can grasp the source of this paranoia, this anger that could consume me at any moment if I lost control.
There is an element of anger among women whove been raped. Theres certainly a major element of humiliation. But it really does seem like a medical condition of shock and horror.
When you start suppressing feelings at an early age, it hurts you down the road. Full expression of anger and pain is very important.
I was very fortunate to play sports. All the anger in me went out. I had to do what I had to do. If you stay angry all the time, then you really dont have a good life.
I understand Tea Partyers anger with the system, but they are in way over their heads and often racially motivated, and I cant be part of that.
I do like to write nasty songs. Its a useful weapon to have, and its cathartic as well, because I create art out of anger, something positive out of something negative.
As a culture I see us as presently deprived of subtleties. The music is loud, the anger is elevated, sex seems lacking in sweetness and privacy.
I was a pretty angry kid, and I got into military history largely as a way to vent my own anger. As I got older it narrowed down to a more specific focus on individual violence. Im just trying to understand where it came from.
I get in trouble when I say things like, Im attracted to violence. I was a pretty angry kid, and I got into military history largely as a way to vent my own anger. As I got older it narrowed down to a more specific focus on individual violence. Im just trying to understand where it came from.
Anger is a transient hatred or at least very like it.
Thats the conundrum of cartoon stripping, as opposed to political cartoons. When your anger is the driving force of your drawing hand, failure follows. The anger is OK, but it has to serve the interests of the heart, frankly.
Generalised anger and frustration is something that gets you in the studio, and gets you to work - though its not necessarily evident in anything thats finished.
Most mens anger about religion is as if two men should quarrel for a lady they neither of them care for.
But on second thought, after I decreed the state of emergency, I came to the conclusion that that was impossible to achieve without bloodshed because the street protesters were full of anger and nearly out of control. This is why I thought we needed to find another way out.
I suppose theres an anger in all of us. Some hidden rage that you keep at bay.
Deep down, my mom had long suspected I was gay... Much of her anger and hurt came from her sense of betrayal that she was the last to be told.
Im generally quite an angry person, and I like to channel my anger toward something creative.
I think there is a big difference between expressing the pain and anger that many African Americans and other people of color may feel versus language that I think now crosses the line and goes into hate.
Being told about the effects of climate change is an appeal to our reason and to our desire to bring about change. But to see that Africans are the hardest hit by climate change, even though they generate almost no greenhouse gas, is a glaring injustice, which also triggers anger and outrage over those who seek to ignore it.
Ive spent a lot of time and money trying to keep my anger in control.
Fear is the only true enemy, born of ignorance and the parent of anger and hate.
The anger of a person who is strong, can always bide its time.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance.
I am ready to accept all accusations, allegations, anger - but I have to succeed.
Indulge not thyself in the passion of anger it is whetting a sword to wound thine own breast, or murder thy friend.
I guess lyrically theyre similar because theyre talking about escaping the kind of misery that likes company. The Last One Alive, for me, is very simple. Its just about alienation, really, that causes anger.
What if you threw a protest and no one showed up? The lack of angst and anger and emotion is a big positive.
I did not think that I was angry, but clearly anger was reflected in my writing. I did not think that I had been affected emotionally, but it was clear from my writing that I was still very emotional about the trial some six months after it ended.
Every child senses, with all the horse sense thats in him, that any parent is angry inside when children misbehave and they dread more the anger that is rarely or never expressed openly, wondering how awful it might be.
I was never jailed. The fact is that I was arrested, but I went into a diversion programme, and by that time Id already begun working in what was called anger management. It was a painful and awful moment.
Keep your temper. A decision made in anger is never sound.
Because society would rather we always wore a pretty face, women have been trained to cut off anger.
Unless and until Barack Obama addresses the full depth of Americans anger with his full arsenal of policy smarts and political gifts, his presidency and, worse, our economy will be paralyzed.
The Anger Management Tour was another beautiful thing. I loved that tour.
Ive always turned my anger inwards towards self-destruction.
Our task, of course, is to transmute the anger that is affliction into the anger that is determination to bring about change. I think, in fact, that one could give that as a definition of revolution.
Bosnia is under my skin. Its the place you cannot leave behind. I was obsessed by the nightmare of it all there was this sense of guilt, and an anger that has become something much deeper over these last years.
Our second phase was to develop a school curriculum that teaches tolerance, respect for differences, conflict resolution, anger management, and other attributes of peace.
The American people are smart. Theyve gotten sick of the predictable hyperpartisan talking points and canned anger.
I share the anger, but, ultimately, to govern this country, it takes more than anger. It takes experience. It takes positions that reflect the best values of the American people.
If either player abandon the game by quitting the table in anger, or in an otherwise offensive manner or by momentarily resigning the game or refuses to abide by the decision of the Umpire, the game must be scored against him.
After my second-to-last record, The Greatest, I had gone on tour for a while, and I didnt play an instrument for about five years. And I got kind of - its not self-esteem or whatever, or anger toward myself - but disappointed in myself that I hadnt been challenging myself to learn musically.
That feeds anger, and I mean when we went and at last thank heavens got towards peace in Northern Ireland we went for justice within Northern Ireland as well as using security well, as well as a political settlement, but surely that is the lesson.
And we know there has been horrendous loss of life and suffering and we know that there is anger. Anyone who came anywhere near the general election in constituencies with a substantial Muslim population knows that.
Anger may be kindled in the noblest breasts: but in these slow droppings of an unforgiving temper never takes the shape of consistency of enduring hatred.
Ive chosen my wedding ring large and heavy to continue forever. But exactly because of that all the time that Dave and I have an argument I feel it like handcuffs, and on anger time I throw it in a basket. Poor Dave, he bought me three wedding rings already!
So many women keep their anger inside and let it build until they explode and then people blow them off again.
Angers not a good emotion.
I also had to work through the violation of my date rape, my unhealthy relationships with men, my anger toward the people involved in the scandal, and those who exploited me afterwards.
Fairest and dearest, your wrath and anger are more heavy than I can bear but learn that I cannot tell what you wish me to say without sinning against my honour too grievously.
Violence is a problem we all want to solve. I want to make sure that kids learn to deal with anger by learning how to talk with people to solve problems. Here in the United States Senate I want to make sure we have safe schools, safe neighborhoods and good things for kids to do after school!
My heart has been heavy and I have deliberated within my own conscience, knowing that my decision should not come out of my initial emotion of anger toward the President for such reckless behavior, but should be based on the facts.
Insurgents have capitalized on popular resentment and anger towards the United States and the Iraqi government to build their own political, financial and military support, and the faith of Iraqi citizens in their new government has been severely undermined.
I had a lot of anger inside me and that came out at times that were not particularly advantageous to me career-wise.
Another night, I dreamed I saw my father sweeping out the barn floor clean, and would not suffer the wheat to be brought in the barn. He appeared to me to be in anger.
Us investigators who went out into the field were faced on occasion with a lot of anger, by people saying why has it taken you five or six year to come and see me?
I like people and get along, and Im afraid to express my anger and my rage.
I was shocked at the anger toward me.
My anger with the US was not at first, that they had used that weapon - although that anger came later.
A little anger is a good thing if it isnt on your own behalf, if its for others deserving of your anger, your empathy.
The anger that Uncle Junior has comes from my background. My father was the son of an Italian immigrant, and Ive seen the fire of the Italian temperament. It can be explosive sometimes in ways that are both funny and tragic.
The quickest way to defuse fear or insecurity or anger is usually humor. I think comics figure that out quickly, and, once you figure it out, you think, Hey, if I can do this and get paid, that would be kind of cool.
I may have been the only candidate in America who failed to ride the wave of anti-establishment anger to victory.
The preparation, commitment and desire to win will be no less than the last time I drove a grand prix car in anger.
Theres no anger ever in a spiritual. Theres always the dream of a hope of a better day coming. That God understands the troubles that Im experiencing.
I want to express myself to feel that what I feel is real. My joy, my pain, my anger.
It absolutely helped - to write the father in both Juicy and Beasts, I had to see the whole story from his point of view. All of a sudden I understood more of what my own father must be going through - the fear, the frustration, the anger... the hope that hell leave a legacy.
Whoever incites anger has a strong insurance against indifference.
I think a certain amount of anger has been a fuel of mine, if you want - but also some sort of sadness, and plain mischief, of course.
The reason why I love people, and writing about them, is because they dont always respond with hate and anger. If they did I wouldnt have a story to tell. Who wants to know about someone who was brutalised and became brutal? Im interested in the exceptions.
You can survive with anger, but you cant live with it forever.
The nice thing about anger is that, as an emotion, its strong enough to unplug me from the comedians mind for a minute and just be a frustrated member of the citizenry.
I think people should be angry at things that are worthy of anger. Injustice is outrageous and deserves outrage.
Successful prime-time television of any genre produces some kind of emotional reaction in the viewers. There are a lot of different emotions to tap into. The emotion of the reward of discovery, the feeling of righteous anger, the feelings of pathos and sadness, or sentimentality of being moved by something.
My character had been in the chair for seven years. He had gone through his anger, depression, drug and alcohol abuse. He had gone through everything, now he was up, he was happy, he was filled with his dream.
I realised one day that men are emotional cripples. We cant express ourselves emotionally, we can only do it with anger and humour. Emotional stability and expression comes from women.
My hope is that out of all the anger and seeming hostility that we hear in some of todays music will come some sort of coalition that will become politically involved.
Im not angry, Im not an angry person, but I do sometimes like playing with the perception of anger, as in pretending that Im more angry than I actually am, and sometimes it works quite well.
With Stacy, it was interesting because you know he was within all this chaos, all these different lives that were so broken and so much anger and so much frustration and their skating came out of that, their different styles came out of that.
I use the music to vent, and a lot of the stuff that I am writing about or was writing about contained a lot of anger and anxiety, stress and depression, so thats how the album came out so dark.
I dont think I could play a character that I couldnt relate to somehow. Im not unfamiliar with frustration, anger, shame, helplessness and a load of other emotions that make up our psycho-soup. I try to focus on that frustration, that sense of unfairness, and multiply it.
Im really busted up over this and Im very, very sorry to those people in the audience, the blacks, the Hispanics, whites - everyone that was there that took the brunt of that anger and hate and rage and how it came through.
The anger that appears to be building up between the sexes becomes more virulent with every day that passes. And far from women taking the blame... the fact is that men are invariably portrayed as the bad guys. Being a good man is like being a good Nazi.
For a long time I thought I could deal with my anger and hostility on my own. But I couldnt. I denied that it had affected me, and yet I was so frantic on the inside with other people: I needed to be constantly reassured.
The poor monkey, quietly seated on the ground, seemed to be in sore trouble at this display of anger.
It is only with burning anger that we can speak of this attack by counter-revolutionary reactionary elements against the capital of our country, against our peoples democratic order and the power of the working class.
The anger in the Brigade against those who fought the Republic in the rear was sharpened by reports of weapons, even tanks, being kept from the front and hidden for treacherous purposes.
In the final analysis, the incident is seen as originating from an emotional expression of the frustration and anger of the proud people of China who had been subject to ever increasing oppression from without and decadent corruption from within.
Our humor turns our anger into a fine art.
Anger is implanted in us as sort of sting, to make us gnash with our teeth against the devil, to make us vehement against him, not to set us in array against each other.
When anger rushes unrestrained to action, like a hot steed, it stumbles on its way. The man of thought strikes deepest and strikes safely.
I think that all the anger and cynicism comes from suppressing things that we always wanted.
There is not in nature, a thing that makes man so deformed, so beastly, as doth intemperate anger.
In the heat of our campaigns, we have all become accustomed to a little anger and exaggeration. Yet, on the whole, our political process has served us well.
I dont have the feeling of being motivated by anger, revenge or frustration.
Anger is seldom without argument but seldom with a good one.
As a system of philosophy it is not like the Tower of Babel, so daring its high aim as to seek a shelter against Gods anger but it is like a pyramid poised on its apex.
Anger becomes limiting, restricting. You cant see through it. While anger is there, look at that, too. But after a while, you have to look at something else.
I love each and every one of you but, like my own family, you thrill, you frustrate, you anger.
More marriages might survive if the partners realized that sometimes the better comes after the worse.
We are not the same persons this year as last nor are those we love. It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person.
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage.
Marriage is the most natural state of man, and... the state in which you will find solid happiness.
Marriage is an alliance entered into by a man who cant sleep with the window shut, and a woman who cant sleep with the window open.
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.
The heart of marriage is memories and if the two of you happen to have the same ones and can savor your reruns, then your marriage is a gift from the gods.
Mom and Dad were married 64 years. And if you wondered what their secret was, you could have asked the local florist - because every day Dad gave Mom a rose, which he put on her bedside table. Thats how she found out what happened on the day my father died - she went looking for him because that morning, there was no rose.
Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him.
Marriage is an act of will that signifies and involves a mutual gift, which unites the spouses and binds them to their eventual souls, with whom they make up a sole family - a domestic church.
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know theyre right if you love to be with them all the time.
You will reciprocally promise love, loyalty and matrimonial honesty. We only want for you this day that these words constitute the principle of your entire life and that with the help of divine grace you will observe these solemn vows that today, before God, you formulate.
Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing. She goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.
Why does a woman work ten years to change a mans habits and then complain that hes not the man she married?
The concept of two people living together for 25 years without a serious dispute suggests a lack of spirit only to be admired in sheep.
One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul.
A lot of good love can happen in ten years.
Chains do not hold a marriage together. It is threads, hundreds of tiny threads, which sew people together through the years.
Under this window in stormy weather I marry this man and woman together Let none but Him who rules the thunder Put this man and woman asunder.
The bonds of matrimony are like any other bonds - they mature slowly.
Ive been in love with the same woman for forty-one years. If my wife finds out, shell kill me.
Never tell a secret to a bride or a groom wait until they have been married longer.
I think you have to be willing to take a bullet for somebody if youre going to stand up there, take your vows, and be married to them for the rest of your life.
If you love somebody, you love them. My parents had a 25-year age gap between them and my mum was the breadwinner, my dad the house husband. Im a strong believer that a good relationship can work, whatever the situation.
Married people from my generation are like an endangered species!
That theres no more important decision in life than who you marry.
Marriage is a coming together for better or for worse, hopefully enduring, and intimate to the degree of being sacred.
You marry somebody you love everything about them. You grow to learn about them. You never learn everything.
Love is not weakness. It is strong. Only the sacrament of marriage can contain it.
My mother and stepfather were married 43 years, so I have watched a long marriage. I feel like I had a very good role model for that. And, you know, its just a number.
Love grows more tremendously full, swift, poignant, as the years multiply.
Each year on the anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.s birth, America has the opportunity to reflect on our nations progress towards the realization of his dream.
So I think you have to marry for the right reasons, and marry the right person.
Next month, I will celebrate my 30th anniversary of marriage with my beautiful bride, Vicki. Our marriage has been a blessing. I have gained even more respect for the institution over the past 3 decades and will defend it against attack.
But to sustain a marriage for 50 years, you have to get real a little bit and find someone who is understanding and who you can grow with. My mom always says, Marry the man who loves you a millimeter more.
We had a relationship that lasted 44 years. Herbert and I lived together 10 years before we were married. He always gave me a little heart for whatever anniversary.
The day before the anniversary of D-Day, we lost a man who was equaled by few and surpassed by none as a leader in the cause of freedom: Ronald Reagan.
Last week, the House of Representatives passed a resolution honoring the victims and heroes of September 11th. As we commemorate the anniversary of 9-11, we must also remember that the threat is still very real today.
Since I wrote to you last we have got our chapel beautifully lighted with gas and have had our anniversary.
So while an incredible amount of progress has been made, on this fifth anniversary, I wanted to come here and tell the people of this city directly: My administration is going to stand with you - and fight alongside you - until the job is done. Until New Orleans is all the way back, all the way.
Ive been sober for two-and-a-half years, My children are happy. In August, my wife and I will celebrate our fifteenth wedding anniversary. My band is back together with a sold-out tour.
I have for some time urged that a nuclear abolition summit to mark the effective end of the nuclear era be convened in Hiroshima and Nagasaki on the 70th anniversary of the bombings of those cities, with the participation of national leaders and representatives of global civil society.
And this year is going to be the 25th anniversary of the 17-0 team, the only undefeated season.
The London games mark the 24th anniversary of my winning two golds and setting the world record in the heptathlon. Someone is going to want it records are made to be broken - its only a matter of time. I hope mine will outlive me.
We cant forget what happened on May 4th, 1970, when four students gave up their lives because they had the American constitutional right of peaceful protest. They gave up their lives. And to sing that song in that spot on that anniversary was very emotional for us.
See, the On the Road that came out in 1957 was censored. A lot of the honesty of it, the bitter honesty, is in the original scroll version that came out in 2007 on the 50-year anniversary. Back then, there was so much post-Second World War fear that was imposed on everybody - You must live life this way - and these guys were bored.
The chances of a reunion now are less likely. I was thinking of having a 40th anniversary of the band, but now they are really another band, so its all a bit weird.
On this important anniversary, we must remember that while we have come a long way in eliminating barriers, critical work remains to ensure all Americans can live up to their full potential.
And currently, there are four to five new works in the pipeline for upcoming celebrations such as the Sydney 2000 Olympics, Australian Federation, my 50th Birthday, and Sydney Dance Companys 25th Anniversary.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Peace Corps as it reached its 45th anniversary on March 1, 2006.
Perhaps a hundred people assembled one evening, May 15, 1876, at the time when the country was celebrating the hundredth anniversary of its political independence.
Presently, the Commission for Commemorating 350 Years of American Jewish History has been brought about to encourage and sponsor a variety of historical activities that advance our understanding of the American Jewish experience as it marks this milestone anniversary.
I am so excited this year getting to play the 85th Anniversary Macys Thanksgiving Day Parade. Everyone knows on Thanksgiving morning to get up, turn on the TV and watch the parade, so to be an actual participant is going to be fun and Im looking forward to it. I am gonna have to put on my deer hunting gear, though, to stay warm!
I was always very grateful to em and am grateful to em now. I went back a couple of years ago and did their 20th anniversary show. But the longer I stayed on Hee Haw, the worse things got for me musically.
June 2005 is the five year anniversary of the debut of Battle Pope.
It is a matter of public shame that while we have now commemorated our hundredth anniversary, not one in every ten children attending Public schools throughout the colonies is acquainted with a single historical fact about Australia.
As the third anniversary of the September 11th attacks draws near we must ensure our nation is prepared to handle the continued threat of violence and terrorism on our country.
This anniversary serves to help remind the American people that, in the wake of one of the greatest political scandals and misuse of power in our history as a nation, scandal produced important reforms that served this nation well for two decades.
I didnt make my first solo record until 1981 so I dont have any 60s or 70s recordings but I am working on a large boxed set called DUST to be released next year, the 20th anniversary of my first solo record.
Actually, the year anniversary of what you just heard, my son Grahame and I are going to be in a play together, and Im acting for the first time in front of an audience that doesnt consist of a high school drama class.
This year, as we celebrate the 230th anniversary of Americas independence, please remember the symbols that are sacred to this country. Fly Old Glory high and show your respect and admiration for this great nation and the values we hold dear.
On July 18, we will mark the 12th anniversary of the senseless loss of 85 lives in the bombing of the Jewish Cultural Center in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
I did that Dior Couture 60th anniversary show in July. It took so long to get ready, I think I would have rather been watching.
I feel there should have been some recognition of the Spice Girls at this years 25th anniversary. We flew the flag for Britain around the globe in the 1990s and we achieved a hell of a lot.
It was very hard for all of us. Its still very hard. The anniversary of his death just passed, and every single one of his friends, still, after all these years... its unbelievable.
My last trip to New Orleans was for the fifth anniversary of Katrina, and I had the awesome opportunity to bring my family down. We all worked on a house together and met some of the families.
1 month ago the American people stopped to remember the third anniversary of the beginning of the Iraq war. We thought first and foremost of the selflessness, patriotism and heroism by our troops, our National Guard and Reserves.
Both the Obama and Romney campaigns said they pulled all their political ads today in observance of the September 11th anniversary. But politics wasnt very far offstage. The Obama campaign sees foreign policy as an advantage this year.
The 150th anniversary of Penn State will highlight what is important and good about this distinguished institution and the fine people and research that it produces.
We shape our buildings thereafter they shape us.
Whatever good things we build end up building us.
I dont build in order to have clients. I have clients in order to build.
A building has integrity just like a man. And just as seldom.
Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age.
We require from buildings two kinds of goodness: first, the doing their practical duty well: then that they be graceful and pleasing in doing it.
An architects most useful tools are an eraser at the drafting board, and a wrecking bar at the site.
Light, Gods eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.
Architecture should speak of its time and place, but yearn for timelessness.
Less is more.
I dont divide architecture, landscape and gardening to me they are one.
Architecture is the art of how to waste space.
My passion and great enjoyment for architecture, and the reason the older I get the more I enjoy it, is because I believe we - architects - can effect the quality of life of the people.
Building art is a synthesis of life in materialised form. We should try to bring in under the same hat not a splintered way of thinking, but all in harmony together.
The higher the building the lower the morals.
A house is a machine for living in.
A great building must begin with the unmeasurable, must go through measurable means when it is being designed and in the end must be unmeasurable.
Those who look for the laws of Nature as a support for their new works collaborate with the creator.
Architecture is basically a container of something. I hope they will enjoy not so much the teacup, but the tea.
Architecture is the learned game, correct and magnificent, of forms assembled in the light.
I believe that the way people live can be directed a little by architecture.
Space has always been the spiritual dimension of architecture. It is not the physical statement of the structure so much as what it contains that moves us.
Great buildings that move the spirit have always been rare. In every case they are unique, poetic, products of the heart.
Architecture starts when you carefully put two bricks together. There it begins.
I try to give people a different way of looking at their surroundings. Thats art to me.
Architecture is the reaching out for the truth.
We should concentrate our work not only to a separated housing problem but housing involved in our daily work and all the other functions of the city.
Make big plans aim high in hope and work, remembering that a noble, logical diagram once recorded will not die.
Architecture arouses sentiments in man. The architects task therefore, is to make those sentiments more precise.
To provide meaningful architecture is not to parody history but to articulate it.
To me, a building - if its beautiful - is the love of one man, hes made it out of his love for space, materials, things like that.
Form follows profit is the aesthetic principle of our times.
Warmth isnt what minimalists are thought to have.
But the buildings identity resided in the ornament.
It is not the beauty of a building you should look at its the construction of the foundation that will stand the test of time.
I hate vacations. If you can build buildings, why sit on the beach?
A city building, you experience when you walk a suburban building, you experience when you drive.
Every building is a prototype. No two are alike.
The loftier the building, the deeper must the foundation be laid.
I love building spaces: architecture, furniture, all of it, probably more than fashion. The development procedure is more tactile. Its about space and form and its something you can share with other people.
Architecture is a visual art, and the buildings speak for themselves.
We build buildings which are terribly restless. And buildings dont go anywhere. They shouldnt be restless.
Architecture tends to consume everything else, it has become ones entire life.
What people want, above all, is order.
The interior of the house personifies the private world the exterior of it is part of the outside world.
If you give people nothingness, they can ponder what can be achieved from that nothingness.
Nothing requires the architects care more than the due proportions of buildings.
Proportions are what makes the old Greek temples classic in their beauty. They are like huge blocks, from which the air has been literally hewn out between the columns.
Architecture is not an inspirational business, its a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things thats all.
Not many architects have the luxury to reject significant things.
Cities are the greatest creations of humanity.
No architect troubled to design houses that suited people who were to live in them, because that would have meant building a whole range of different houses. It was far cheaper and, above all, timesaving to make them identical.
If I have a style, I am not aware of it.
Dont clap too hard - its a very old building.
Form follows function.
The work of art shows people new directions and thinks of the future. The house thinks of the present.
My buildings dont speak in words but by means of their own spaciousness.
Designed by architects with honorable intentions but hands of palsy.
The dialogue between client and architect is about as intimate as any conversation you can have, because when youre talking about building a house, youre talking about dreams.
The Romans were not inventors of the supporting arch, but its extended use in vaults and intersecting barrel shapes and domes is theirs.
The bungalow had more to do with how Americans live today than any other building that has gone remotely by the name of architecture in our history.
Color in certain places has the great value of making the outlines and structural planes seem more energetic.
In any architecture, there is an equity between the pragmatic function and the symbolic function.
At a certain point, I just put the building and the art impulse together. I decided that building was a legitimate way to make sculpture.
For many years, I have lived uncomfortably with the belief that most planning and architectural design suffers for lack of real and basic purpose. The ultimate purpose, it seems to me, must be the improvement of mankind.
The frightening thought that what you draw may become a building makes for reasoned lines.
Buildings should serve people, not the other way around.
Architects in the past have tended to concentrate their attention on the building as a static object. I believe dynamics are more important: the dynamics of people, their interaction with spaces and environmental condition.
My buildings will be my legacy... they will speak for me long after Im gone.
In Los Angeles, by the time youre 35, youre older than most of the buildings.
Rome has not seen a modern building in more than half a century. It is a city frozen in time.
Even at the United Nations, where legend has it that the building was designed so that there could be no corner offices, the expanse of glass in individual offices is said to be a dead giveaway as to rank. Five windows are excellent, one window not so great.
I have designed the most buildings of any living American architect.
I am but an architectural composer.
As a designer, the mission with which we have been charged is simple: providing space at the right cost.
They can do without architecture who have no olives nor wines in the cellar.
I call architecture frozen music.
Fashion is architecture: it is a matter of proportions.
The greatest advances of civilization, whether in architecture or painting, in science and literature, in industry or agriculture, have never come from centralized government.
I paint mostly from real life. It has to start with that. Real people, real street scenes, behind the curtain scenes, live models, paintings, photographs, staged setups, architecture, grids, graphic design. Whatever it takes to make it work.
Prose is architecture, not interior decoration, and the Baroque is over.
Switzerland is a small, steep country, much more up and down than sideways, and is all stuck over with large brown hotels built on the cuckoo clock style of architecture.
The ancient Romans built their greatest masterpieces of architecture, their amphitheaters, for wild beasts to fight in.
Architecture has recorded the great ideas of the human race. Not only every religious symbol, but every human thought has its page in that vast book.
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds.
All architecture is great architecture after sunset perhaps architecture is really a nocturnal art, like the art of fireworks.
Every mans work, whether it be literature, or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.
I was planning to go into architecture. But when I arrived, architecture was filled up. Acting was right next to it, so I signed up for acting instead.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Architecture begins where engineering ends.
The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization.
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
It is impossible, as impossible as to raise the dead, to restore anything that has ever been great or beautiful in architecture. That which I have insisted upon as the life of the whole, that spirit which is given only by the hand and eye of the workman, can never be recalled.
A man of eighty has outlived probably three new schools of painting, two of architecture and poetry and a hundred in dress.
No architecture is so haughty as that which is simple.
It seems a fantastic paradox, but it is nevertheless a most important truth, that no architecture can be truly noble which is not imperfect.
Organic architecture seeks superior sense of use and a finer sense of comfort, expressed in organic simplicity.
Convinced as I am and as I am from my government that the world needs a new moral architecture over all I believe that this should be the first topic to debate in our world of today, ethics, moral.
Maybe we can show government how to operate better as a result of better architecture. Eventually, I think Chicago will be the most beautiful great city left in the world.
Noble life demands a noble architecture for noble uses of noble men. Lack of culture means what it has always meant: ignoble civilization and therefore imminent downfall.
Architecture is the will of an epoch translated into space.
All the revision in the world will not save a bad first draft: for the architecture of the thing comes, or fails to come, in the first conception, and revision only affects the detail and ornament, alas!
All architecture is shelter, all great architecture is the design of space that contains, cuddles, exalts, or stimulates the persons in that space.
Even though I build buildings and I pursue my architecture, I pursue it as an artist. I deliberately keep a tiny studio. I dont want to be an architectural firm. I want to remain an artist.
Engineering, medicine, business, architecture and painting are concerned not with the necessary but with the contingent - not with how things are but with how they might be - in short, with design.
Poetry is not only dream and vision it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.
The art of dancing stands at the source of all the arts that express themselves first in the human person. The art of building, or architecture, is the beginning of all the arts that lie outside the person and in the end they unite.
All real education is the architecture of the soul.
Nothing is as dangerous in architecture as dealing with separated problems. If we split life into separated problems we split the possibilities to make good building art.
The details are the very source of expression in architecture. But we are caught in a vice between art and the bottom line.
Architecture theory is very interesting.
Todays developer is a poor substitute for the committed entrepreneur of the last century for whom the work of architecture represented a chance to celebrate the worth of his enterprise.
Rationalism is the enemy of art, though necessary as a basis for architecture.
When you look at Japanese traditional architecture, you have to look at Japanese culture and its relationship with nature. You can actually live in a harmonious, close contact with nature - this very unique to Japan.
I would have liked maybe to be in architecture or painting, something connected to the fine arts.
The principle of the Gothic architecture is infinity made imaginable.
Consider the momentous event in architecture when the wall parted and the column became.
Architecture and building is about how you get around the obstacles that are presented to you. That sometimes determines how successful youll be: How good are you at going around obstacles?
I could have been an architect, but I dont think Id have been very happy. Nearly all modern architecture is a silly game as far as I can see.
I see music as fluid architecture.
Architecture doesnt come from theory. You dont think your way through a building.
Does an architecture to assuage the spirit have a place?
The new architecture of transparency and lightness comes from Japan and Europe.
The way of architecture is the quiet voice that underlies it and has guided it from the beginning.
Vitality is radiated from exceptional art and architecture.
We are stymied by regulations, limited choice and the threat of litigation. Neither consultants nor industry itself provide research which takes architecture forward.
To work in architecture you are so much involved with society, with politics, with bureaucrats. Its a very complicated process to do large projects. You start to see the society, how it functions, how it works. Then you have a lot of criticism about how it works.
If architecture is frozen music then music must be liquid architecture.
To create architecture is to put in order. Put what in order? Function and objects.
I probably spent the first 20 years of my life wanting to be as American as possible. Through my 20s, and into my 30s, I began to become aware of how so much of my art and architecture has a decidedly Eastern character.
I left science, then I went into art, but I approach things very analytically. I choose to pursue both art and architecture as completely separate fields rather than merging them.
The process I go through in the art and the architecture, I actually want it to be almost childlike. Sometimes I think its magical.
In art or architecture your project is only done when you say its done. If you want to rip it apart at the eleventh hour and start all over again, you never finish. I was one of those crazy creatures.
I loved logic, math, computer programming. I loved systems and logic approaches. And so I just figured architecture is this perfect combination.
Art is very tricky because its what you do for yourself. Its much harder for me to make those works than the monuments or the architecture.
In my early 20s I was so miserable doing construction, I wanted something that paid money. I liked nice stuff. I liked cars and architecture, and things that cost money. I wanted to not swing a hammer, and make money... and not do stuff that was dirty. I attempted to get into comedy. I started to do stand-up, but I wasnt very good at it.
Im drawn to furniture design as complete architecture on a minor scale.
The British political system and the whole clapped out Westminster architecture, and the language that we use about politics, its completely unsustainable. You either decide to be part of that transition to do something different. Or you cling to old certainties.
I got into this little habit of architecture and building. I designed a house in Colorado and one in Hawaii. The idea is supposed to be build and sell - but then I can never bring myself to sell them.
The only job that was ever of interest to me other than filmmaking is architecture.
I would like my architecture to inspire people to use their own resources, to move into the future.
Any architectural project we do takes at least four or five years, so increasingly there is a discrepancy between the acceleration of culture and the continuing slowness of architecture.
Architecture, of all the arts, is the one which acts the most slowly, but the most surely, on the soul.
In architecture the idea degenerated. Design allows a more direct and pleasurable route.
Post-Modernism was a reaction against Modernism. It came quite early to music and literature, and a little later to architecture. And I think its still coming to computer science.
Liquid architecture. Its like jazz - you improvise, you work together, you play off each other, you make something, they make something. And I think its a way of - for me, its a way of trying to understand the city, and what might happen in the city.
I see the Beijing National Stadium as an architectural project. I accepted Herzog and De Meurons invitation to collaborate on the design, and our proposal won the competition. From beginning to end, I stayed with the project. I am committed to fostering relationships between a city and its architecture.
The building of the architecture of a novel - the craft of it - is something I never tire of.
I strive for an architecture from which nothing can be taken away.
Its my goal to make a building as immaterial as possible. Architecture is a very material thing. It takes a lot of resources, so why not eliminate what you dont need as long as youre able to achieve the same result?
The American attitude towards efficiency and execution should always underlie architecture.
The architecture profession has lost a lot of its integrity, especially in the USA. The general architect here has no scruples, no ambitions.
Id like to do a lot of things - whether in design or architecture or business.
So what we have tried to do in our later buildings is to try to be completely consistent, as a painter is consistent or as a sculptor is consistent. Architecture also must be very consistent.
Japanese architecture is very much copied in this country and in Europe.
If you examine this, I think that you will find that its the mechanics of Japanese architecture that have been thought of as the direct influence upon our architecture.
If a building becomes architecture, then it is art.
Victorian architecture in the United States was copied straight from England.
The logic of Palladian architecture presented an aesthetic formula which could be applied universally.
The English light is so very subtle, so very soft and misty, that the architecture responded with great delicacy of detail.
The Egyptian contribution to architecture was more concerned with remembering the dead than the living.
Of all the lessons most relevant to architecture today, Japanese flexibility is the greatest.
Georgian architecture respected the scale of both the individual and the community.
French architecture always manages to combine the most magnificent underlying themes of architecture like Roman design, it looks to the community.
Japanese traditional architecture is created based on these conditions. This is the reason you have a very high degree of connection between the outside and inside in architecture.
The speed of change makes you wonder what will become of architecture.
Without this spirit, Modernist architecture cannot fully exist. Since there is often a mismatch between the logic and the spirit of Modernism, I use architecture to reconcile the two.
Italy is full of historical buildings. And Europe holds a great history of philosophy from Greece until today. I read all those books and see these buildings, and I think of where I stand when I design my architecture.
All those involved in the construction of an architectural design, from the architect to the builder, have an attachment to the architecture, although its difficult to quantify the attachment.
Japanese architecture is traditionally based on wooden structures that need renovating on a regular basis.
Spiritual space is lost in gaining convenience. I saw the need to create a mixture of Japanese spiritual culture and modern western architecture.
People can inhabit anything. And they can be miserable in anything and ecstatic in anything. More and more I think that architecture has nothing to do with it. Of course, thats both liberating and alarming.
Until the Eighties, Oslo was a rather boring town, but its changed a lot, and is now much more cosmopolitan. If I go downtown, I visit the harbour to see the tall ships and the ferries, and to admire the modern architecture such as the Opera House or the new Astrup Fearnley Museum on the waters edge.
Every time a student walks past a really urgent, expressive piece of architecture that belongs to his college, it can help reassure him that he does have that mind, does have that soul.
I believe very strongly, and have fought since many years ago - at least over 30 years ago - to get architecture not just within schools, but architecture talked about under history, geography, science, technology, art.
My house is my refuge, an emotional piece of architecture, not a cold piece of convenience.
We all love musical architecture theres no doubt about that.
Architecture in general is frozen music.
Painting, sculpture and architecture are finished, but the art habit continues.
Bridges are perhaps the most invisible form of public architecture.
Look, architecture has a lot of places to hide behind, a lot of excuses. The client made me do this. The city made me do this. Oh, the budget. I dont believe that anymore.
In fact, it will be very easy to climb the building because of its shape and architecture.
Charles was very intent to use his years as Prince of Wales to make his mark while he still had freedom of maneuver that he wouldnt have as King. The first subject he really went for was architecture. It made an impact.
It was the drawing that led me to architecture, the search for light and astonishing forms.
I search for surprise in my architecture. A work of art should cause the emotion of newness.
Trying to describe something musical is like dancing to architecture, its really difficult.
Of the individual poems, some are more lyric and some are more descriptive or narrative. Each poem is fixed in a moment. All those moments written or read together take on the movement and architecture of a narrative.
I dont know why Ive always been so captivated by architecture.
The two elements the traveler first captures in the big city are extra human architecture and furious rhythm. Geometry and anguish.
But I absolutely believe that architecture is a social activity that has to do with some sort of communication or places of interaction, and that to change the environment is to change behaviour.
Architecture is inhabited sculpture.
And when an architect has designed a house with large windows, which is a necessity today in order to pull the daylight into these very deep houses, then curtains come to play a big role in architecture.
I dont see that any buildings should be excluded from the term architecture, as long as they are done properly.
If architecture had nothing to do with art, it would be astonishingly easy to build houses, but the architects task - his most difficult task - is always that of selecting.
In addressing a task, one almost always has several possible options, sometimes only a few, and they may all be practical and functional. But they lack the aesthetic aspect that raises it to architecture.
If architecture is, as is sometimes said, music set in concrete, then football and basketball may be said to be creativity embodied in team sports.
The architecture of a story can be a little bit different if its a true story.
Chicago is known for good steaks, expensive stores and beautiful architecture. Unfortunately, the Windy City also enjoys a reputation for corrupt politics, violent crime, and some of the strictest gun control laws anywhere in the country.
We think of enterprise architecture as the process we use for fully describing and mapping business functionality and business requirements and relating them to information systems requirements.
Escape from the architecture ghetto is one of the major drivers and has been from the very beginning.
The intellectual force of the West is still dominant, but other cultures are getting stronger. I expect that we will develop a new way of thinking in architecture and urban planning, and that less will be based on our models.
People kind of tend to mystify design and architecture by suggesting you need to train.
I mean, certainly writing, painting, photography, dance, architecture, there is an aspect of almost every art form that is useful and that merges into film in some way.
I could be happy doing something like architecture. It would involve another couple of years of graduate school, but thats what I studied in college. Thats what I always wanted to do.
My interest in architecture has always been sculptural. Most of my photography is of architecture.
Architecture is a science arising out of many other sciences, and adorned with much and varied learning by the help of which a judgment is formed of those works which are the result of other arts.
Of course I know very little about architecture, and the older I get the less I know.
Architecture is about public space held by buildings.
Architecture is a slow business, and city planning even slower.
I dont find Hollywood interesting, so Im thinking of studying architecture instead.
Architecture is a art when one consciously or unconsciously creates aesthetic emotion in the atmosphere and when this environment produces well being.
Every one who has a heart, however ignorant of architecture he may be, feels the transcendent beauty and poetry of the mediaeval churches.
Yet for my part, deeply as I am moved by the religious architecture of the Middle Ages, I cannot honestly say that I ever felt the slightest emotion in any modern Gothic church.
Winning a competition in architecture is a ticket to oblivion. Its just an idea. Ninety-nine per cent never get built.
I studied architecture in New York. So, really I was very moved, like everyone else, to try to contribute something that has that resonance and profundity of it means to all of us.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
When Im in London, Claridges is a great favourite. Im a big fan of art deco architecture and the rooms are extraordinary.
I take a lot from everywhere. I take from music, architecture, novels, and plays. Anywhere that hits you.
Ive never owned an Apple product. I like the fact that PCs are open architecture and not locked down like Apple products. I feel that Macs are also unjustifiably overpriced.
Ive always liked traveling around Europe and seeing the architecture. The buildings in capital cities have been there for hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of years. Some look better than the new ones.
At this present time, matter is still the best way to think of architecture, but Im not so sure for very long. The computer is radicalizing the way we think about our world.
If youre into architecture and youre from the West, everything is hors doeuvres for working to rebuild the Temple. Ultimately youre led there. You cant escape it.
You can just drift unhappily towards this vision of heaven on earth, and ultimately that is what architecture is a vision of: Heaven on earth, at its best.
The intellectual architecture means focusing on doing great work instead of focusing on agency politics.
The team architecture means setting up an organization that helps people produce that great work in teams.
One of my favorite vacation places is Miami, because of the people, the water and the beach - of course - and the architecture on Miami Beach is so wonderful.
I would fix other peoples lines if they asked me on occasion. The hard part of writing is the architecture of it, getting the story and structuring it. Not the tweaking of lines.
But those musics do not address the larger kind of architecture in time that classical music does, whatever each one of us knows that classical music must mean.
I quit college. I was studying architecture for about a year.
It is not with architecture that one can disseminate any political ideology.
Architecture will always express the technical and social progress of the country in which it is carried out. If we wish to give it the human content that it lacks, we must participate in the political struggle.
Architecture is my work, and Ive spent my whole life at a drawing board, but life is more important than architecture. What matters is to improve human beings.
Architecture is invention.
When I write now I do not invent situation, characters, or actions, but rather structures and discursive forms, textual groupings which are combined according to secret affinities among themselves, as in architecture or the plastic arts.
The organizational architecture is really that a centipede walks on hundred legs and one or two dont count. So if I lose one or two legs, the process will go on, the organization will go on, the growth will go on.
Does it follow that the house has nothing in common with art and is architecture not to be included in the arts? Only a very small part of architecture belongs to art: the tomb and the monument. Everything else that fulfils a function is to be excluded from the domain of art.
Architecture is involved with the world, but at the same time it has a certain autonomy. This autonomy cannot be explained in terms of traditional logic because the most interesting parts of the work are non-verbal. They operate within the terms of the work, like any art.
Im often called an old-fashioned modernist. But the modernists had the absurd idea that architecture could heal the world. Thats impossible. And today nobody expects architects to have these grand visions any more.
The aesthetic of architecture has to be rooted in a broader idea about human activities like walking, relaxing and communicating. Architecture thinks about how these activities can be given added value.
You might say that when you step inside, youre entering a honorific space, but thats something totally different than experiencing it. And in architecture the experience comes first. That has the deepest effect on us.
In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending your left leg, its modern architecture.
I love a lot of things, and Im pretty much obsessive about most things I do, whether it be gardening, or architecture, or music. Id be an obsessive hairdresser.
Doctrines provide an architecture for both Republican and Democrat presidents to carry out policies.
That Moorish architecture is all over the place, of course. It affects me everywhere I see it, as it does so many people. But Brand Library was a special place to me, and I know Ive paid homage to it many times in my drawings.
Information and inspiration are everywhere... history, art, architecture, everything an illustrator needs. Europe is, after all, the land that has generated most of the enduring myths and legends of Western culture.
Once I got out of architecture school I decided not to be an architect, I just started my own little design studio.
I went to school for engineering, I studied jazz. So I always had this kind of creative side and technical side, and I thought architecture might be the way to combine them, so I went to architecture school in New York.
An important work of architecture will create polemics.
The same sort of thing happened in my dispute with the National Trust book: Follies: A National Trust Guide, which implied that the only pleasure you can get from Folly architecture is by calling the architect mad, and by laughing at the architecture.
I was a student at Columbia College, actually, in the Architecture school. Paul would drive in from Queens, showing me these new songs. I cant remember us working it out.
After about the first Millennium, Italy was the cradle of Romanesque architecture, which spread throughout Europe, much of it extending the structural daring with minimal visual elaboration.
After World War II great strides were made in modern Japanese architecture, not only in advanced technology, allowing earthquake resistant tall buildings, but expressing and infusing characteristics of traditional Japanese architecture in modern buildings.
The job of buildings is to improve human relations: architecture must ease them, not make them worse.
But I feel truly wowed by the architecture and the meaning of the architecture if you get lost in it and think about the man hours in the smallest little chapel, and the love involved. God its fantastic.
There was an age, however, when the transition from savagery to civilization, with all its impressive outward manifestations in art and architecture, took place for the first time.
I think that narrative, fiction filmmaking is the culmination of several art forms: theater, art history, architecture. Whereas doc filmmaking is more pure cinema, like cinema verite is film in its purest form.
I was going to be an architect. I graduated with a degree in architecture and I had a scholarship to go back to Princeton and get my Masters in architecture. Id done theatricals in college, but Id done them because it was fun.
But after the time there Id had it with fashion again, so I left to go to architecture school in a summer course at Harvard, which didnt last very long.
Architecture cant fully represent the chaos and turmoil that are part of the human personality, but you need to put some of that turmoil into the architecture, or it isnt real.
I would like to attend college in the future when I have time. I have always been interested in architecture, so perhaps I would pursue a degree in that or business.
You look at the steamboat, the railroad, the car, the airplane - not all of these were invented in the Anglo-American world, but they were popularized and extended by it. They were made possible by the financial architecture, the capital intensive operations invented and developed by the Anglo-Americans.
Whats fascinating about D.C., the exteriors are these elaborate structures, this gorgeous architecture and beautiful stonework, and then you go inside and its crap-looking - apart from the White House, which is beautiful.
I acquired an admiration for Japanese culture, art, and architecture, and learned of the existence of the game of GO, which I still play.
I wouldve been intrigued by being a film director. I wouldve been intrigued by politics. I thought about architecture.
There is a lot of interest in the arts, music, theatre, filmmaking, engineering, architecture and software design. I think we have now transitioned the modern-day version of the entrepreneur into the creative economy.
I like things that are kind of eclectic, when one thing doesnt go with another. Thats why I love Rome. The town itself is that way. Its where Fascist architecture meets classic Renaissance, where the ancient bangs up against the contemporary. It has a touch of everything. Thats my style, and thats what my work is about.
I feel however, that we architects have a special duty and mission... (to contribute) to the socio-cultural development of architecture and urban planning.
There is a powerful need for symbolism, and that means the architecture must have something that appeals to the human heart. There is a powerful need for symbolism, and that means the architecture must have something that appeals to the human heart.
Technological considerations are of great importance to architecture and cities in the informational society.
Opera, next to Gothic architecture, is one of the strangest inventions of Western man. It could not have been foreseen by any logical process.
I dont believe in morality in architecture.
I have no requirements for a style of architecture.
I see architecture not as Gropius did, as a moral venture, as truth, but as invention, in the same way that poetry or music or painting is invention.
The dialogue of architecture has been centered too long around the idea of truth.
The rules of navigation never navigated a ship. The rules of architecture never built a house.
Each new situation requires a new architecture.
I like to play with architecture! Its my favorite game.
I think architecture has to be a gift.
What is being called the UN gender architecture is more like a shack. Women need a bigger global house if equality is ever to become a reality.
Architecture is politics.
What has happened to architecture since the second world war that the only passers-by who can contemplate it without pain are those equipped with a white stick and a dog?
First, there is the bare beauty of the logs themselves with their long lines and firm curves. Then there is the open charm felt of the structural features which are not hidden under plaster and ornament, but are clearly revealed, a charm felt in Japanese architecture.
Architecture aims at Eternity.
Revived in this country the long forgotten beauties of Gothic architecture.
Any work of architecture that has with it some discussion, some polemic, I think is good. It shows that people are interested, people are involved.
There will never be great architects or great architecture without great patrons.
The architecture of our future is not only unfinished the scaffolding has hardly gone up.
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist.
If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
The highest art is always the most religious, and the greatest artist is always a devout person.
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
Without tradition, art is a flock of sheep without a shepherd. Without innovation, it is a corpse.
Every artist was first an amateur.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
In art, the hand can never execute anything higher than the heart can imagine.
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.
A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession.
This world is but a canvas to our imagination.
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
Art is a step from what is obvious and well-known toward what is arcane and concealed.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
If you do not breathe through writing, if you do not cry out in writing, or sing in writing, then dont write, because our culture has no use for it.
Pictures must not be too picturesque.
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home.
An artist is always alone - if he is an artist. No, what the artist needs is loneliness.
We have art in order not to die of the truth.
Art is the proper task of life.
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.
Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad.
Art is not a thing it is a way.
You dont take a photograph, you make it.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
A picture is a poem without words.
Without freedom, no art art lives only on the restraints it imposes on itself, and dies of all others.
The sculptor produces the beautiful statue by chipping away such parts of the marble block as are not needed - it is a process of elimination.
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldnt say any other way - things I had no words for.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
An artist is somebody who produces things that people dont need to have.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires.
The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spiders web.
An artist cannot fail it is a success to be one.
Personality is everything in art and poetry.
Painting, n.: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and exposing them to the critic.
Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
Painting is easy when you dont know how, but very difficult when you do.
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
Very few people possess true artistic ability. It is therefore both unseemly and unproductive to irritate the situation by making an effort. If you have a burning, restless urge to write or paint, simply eat something sweet and the feeling will pass.
The mediator of the inexpressible is the work of art.
Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot, others transform a yellow spot into the sun.
In art as in love, instinct is enough.
Every human is an artist. The dream of your life is to make beautiful art.
Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere.
In art the best is good enough.
Lying in bed would be an altogether perfect and supreme experience if only one had a colored pencil long enough to draw on the ceiling.
The very essence of the creative is its novelty, and hence we have no standard by which to judge it.
Im afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Ads are the cave art of the twentieth century.
All art is but imitation of nature.
An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it.
I dont want to be interesting. I want to be good.
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection.
Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth.
Photograph: a picture painted by the sun without instruction in art.
Even a true artist does not always produce art.
An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world.
If we could but paint with the hand what we see with the eye.
Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.
To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people cant eat it.
Painting is an infinitely minute part of my personality.
A writer should write with his eyes and a painter paint with his ears.
I cry out for order and find it only in art.
Fine art is that in which the hand, the head, and the heart of man go together.
Art consists of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame.
The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity.
Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs.
Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul.
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
The arts are an even better barometer of what is happening in our world than the stock market or the debates in congress.
Art is mans expression of his joy in labor.
Fashion is only the attempt to realize art in living forms and social intercourse.
A great artist is always before his time or behind it.
Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything.
Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.
Abstract art: a product of the untalented sold by the unprincipled to the utterly bewildered.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
When I judge art, I take my painting and put it next to a God made object like a tree or flower. If it clashes, it is not art.
Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first.
I have no fear of making changes, destroying the image, etc., because the painting has a life of its own.
Art produces ugly things which frequently become more beautiful with time. Fashion, on the other hand, produces beautiful things which always become ugly with time.
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
Art for arts sake is a philosophy of the well-fed.
Every good painter paints what he is.
The history of art is the history of revivals.
The business of art is to reveal the relation between man and his environment.
So vast is art, so narrow human wit.
To make us feel small in the right way is a function of art men can only make us feel small in the wrong way.
Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression.
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
Art begins with resistance - at the point where resistance is overcome. No human masterpiece has ever been created without great labor.
To me, photography is the simultaneous recognition, in a fraction of a second, of the significance of an event.
Art is parasitic on life, just as criticism is parasitic on art.
The waking mind is the least serviceable in the arts.
Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century.
My imagination can picture no fairer happiness than to continue living for art.
Works of art, in my opinion, are the only objects in the material universe to possess internal order, and that is why, though I dont believe that only art matters, I do believe in Art for Arts sake.
What art offers is space - a certain breathing room for the spirit.
To send light into the darkness of mens hearts - such is the duty of the artist.
Pictures deface walls more often than they decorate them.
Ive been called many names like perfectionist, difficult and obsessive. I think it takes obsession, takes searching for the details for any artist to be good.
Art is science made clear.
Rules and models destroy genius and art.
Immature artists imitate. Mature artists steal.
What makes photography a strange invention is that its primary raw materials are light and time.
Art is magic delivered from the lie of being truth.
All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oysters autobiography.
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order.
Things are beautiful if you love them.
I dont paint things. I only paint the difference between things.
The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know youre an artist.
Art is the right hand of Nature. The latter has only given us being, the former has made us men.
Of all lies, art is the least untrue.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Lesser artists borrow, great artists steal.
The artist belongs to his work, not the work to the artist.
A sculptor is a person who is interested in the shape of things, a poet in words, a musician by sounds.
Art is the daughter of freedom.
Every artist writes his own autobiography.
Great art picks up where nature ends.
When I work, and in my art, I hold hands with God.
The perfection of art is to conceal art.
My painting does not come from the easel.
Art, in itself, is an attempt to bring order out of chaos.
Drawing is like making an expressive gesture with the advantage of permanence.
Art is a revolt against fate. All art is a revolt against mans fate.
Art is the stored honey of the human soul, gathered on wings of misery and travail.
I dont think theres any artist of any value who doesnt doubt what theyre doing.
Time extracts various values from a painters work. When these values are exhausted the pictures are forgotten, and the more a picture has to give, the greater it is.
Wherever art appears, life disappears.
Ive never really had a hobby, unless you count art, which the IRS once told me I had to declare as a hobby since I hadnt made money with it.
An artist is never ahead of his time but most people are far behind theirs.
The beauty one can find in art is one of the pitifully few real and lasting products of human endeavor.
The creative act lasts but a brief moment, a lightning instant of give-and-take, just long enough for you to level the camera and to trap the fleeting prey in your little box.
I like to pretend that my art has nothing to do with me.
I choose a block of marble and chop off whatever I dont need.
Rationalism is the enemy of art, though necessary as a basis for architecture.
The artist one day falls through a hole in the brambles, and from that moment he is following the dark rapids of an underground river which may sometimes flow so near to the surface that the laughing picnic parties are heard above.
Every other artist begins with a blank canvas, a piece of paper the photographer begins with the finished product.
To make pictures big is to make them more powerful.
My hand is the extension of the thinking process - the creative process.
Thats the motivation of an artist - to seek attention of some kind.
The principles of true art is not to portray, but to evoke.
Art hurts. Art urges voyages - and it is easier to stay at home.
I think about my work every minute of the day.
Vitality is radiated from exceptional art and architecture.
By the work one knows the workman.
Art doesnt transform. It just plain forms.
My love of fine art increased - the more of it I saw, the more of it I wanted to see.
Mournful and yet grand is the destiny of the artist.
The artists world is limitless. It can be found anywhere, far from where he lives or a few feet away. It is always on his doorstep.
Artists dont make objects. Artists make mythologies.
The principle of art is to pause, not bypass.
Art is the unceasing effort to compete with the beauty of flowers - and never succeeding.
The writer, when he is also an artist, is someone who admits what others dont dare reveal.
The works must be conceived with fire in the soul but executed with clinical coolness.
Trying to force creativity is never good.
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued.
When I think of art I think of beauty. Beauty is the mystery of life. It is not in the eye it is in the mind. In our minds there is awareness of perfection.
Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade themselves that they have a better idea.
Vision is the true creative rhythm.
No heirloom of humankind captures the past as do art and language.
The history of modern art is also the history of the progressive loss of arts audience. Art has increasingly become the concern of the artist and the bafflement of the public.
In an artwork youre always looking for artistic decisions, so an ashtray is perfect. An ashtray has got life and death.
Art is an invention of aesthetics, which in turn is an invention of philosophers... What we call art is a game.
The artist who aims at perfection in everything achieves it in nothing.
I think an artists responsibility is more complex than people realize.
Painting is by nature a luminous language.
A painting that is well composed is half finished.
Artists themselves are not confined, but their output is.
When that shutter clicks, anything else that can be done afterward is not worth consideration.
If a building becomes architecture, then it is art.
Every time a student walks past a really urgent, expressive piece of architecture that belongs to his college, it can help reassure him that he does have that mind, does have that soul.
Light in Nature creates the movement of colors.
Art in Nature is rhythmic and has a horror of constraint.
Murals in restaurants are on a par with the food in museums.
It is a mistake for a sculptor or a painter to speak or write very often about his job. It releases tension needed for his work.
Photography is a major force in explaining man to man.
The more horrifying this world becomes, the more art becomes abstract.
Art is subject to arbitrary fashion.
When I make art, I think about its ability to connect with others, to bring them into the process.
You begin with the possibilities of the material.
To an engineer, good enough means perfect. With an artist, theres no such thing as perfect.
Culture is the arts elevated to a set of beliefs.
I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza.
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.
Art ought never to be considered except in its relations with its ideal beauty.
Art is the desire of a man to express himself, to record the reactions of his personality to the world he lives in.
I paint with shapes.
I was the least Pop of all the Pop artists.
I realize that protest paintings are not exactly in vogue, but Ive done many.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art... It has no survival value rather it is one of those things that give value to survival.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science.
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.
The art of acceptance is the art of making someone who has just done you a small favor wish that he might have done you a greater one.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it.
I regard the theatre as the greatest of all art forms, the most immediate way in which a human being can share with another the sense of what it is to be a human being.
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them for these only gave them life, those the art of living well.
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough.
Be slow to fall into friendship but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
Beautiful music is the art of the prophets that can calm the agitations of the soul it is one of the most magnificent and delightful presents God has given us.
It is through art, and through art only, that we can realise our perfection.
A fools brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.
All art is quite useless.
I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge, silence to be ignorance, and affection to be art.
Theres no art to find the minds construction in the face.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
The moment you think you understand a great work of art, its dead for you.
If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him.
It is only an auctioneer who can equally and impartially admire all schools of art.
What we have to do, what at any rate it is our duty to do, is to revive the old art of Lying.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
A mans work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened.
Speak the truth, do not yield to anger give, if thou art asked for little by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.
A work of art is above all an adventure of the mind.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing.
In general, the art of government consists of taking as much money as possible from one class of citizens to give to another.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
I think in art, but especially in films, people are trying to confirm their own existences.
If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and Ill say it.
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
Every art and every inquiry, and similarly every action and choice, is thought to aim at some good and for this reason the good has rightly been declared to be that at which all things aim.
Diplomacy is the art of saying Nice doggie until you can find a rock.
Well, Art is Art, isnt it? Still, on the other hand, water is water. And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now you tell me what you know.
Admiration for a quality or an art can be so strong that it deters us from striving to possess it.
Homer has taught all other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.
Art is not merely an imitation of the reality of nature, but in truth a metaphysical supplement to the reality of nature, placed alongside thereof for its conquest.
It is Homer who has chiefly taught other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.
For art to exist, for any sort of aesthetic activity to exist, a certain physiological precondition is indispensable: intoxication.
I do not know what the spirit of a philosopher could more wish to be than a good dancer. For the dance is his ideal, also his fine art, finally also the only kind of piety he knows, his divine service.
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
Were I called on to define, very briefly, the term Art, I should call it the reproduction of what the Senses perceive in Nature through the veil of the soul. The mere imitation, however accurate, of what is in Nature, entitles no man to the sacred name of Artist.
When art dresses in worn-out material it is most easily recognized as art.
Sleeping is no mean art: for its sake one must stay awake all day.
Art raises its head where creeds relax.
The bad gains respect through imitation, the good loses it especially in art.
Envy is the art of counting the other fellows blessings instead of your own.
Politics is the art of controlling your environment.
Take care to sell your horse before he dies. The art of life is passing losses on.
It is the function of art to renew our perception. What we are familiar with we cease to see. The writer shakes up the familiar scene, and, as if by magic, we see a new meaning in it.
Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world.
She had lost the art of conversation but not, unfortunately, the power of speech.
You use a glass mirror to see your face you use works of art to see your soul.
Art is the beautiful way of doing things. Science is the effective way of doing things. Business is the economic way of doing things.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when its all over.
The art of government is the organisation of idolatry.
Truly fertile Music, the only kind that will move us, that we shall truly appreciate, will be a Music conducive to Dream, which banishes all reason and analysis. One must not wish first to understand and then to feel. Art does not tolerate Reason.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Were going to shoot one Polaroid per show. Im going to sign this before it even develops because I know that once it develops with my signature on it, its worth a fortune. Ill make this a work of magic warlock art.
Art is never finished, only abandoned.
The art of government is to make two-thirds of a nation pay all it possibly can pay for the benefit of the other third.
My goal is to be one with the music. I just dedicate my whole life to this art.
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they dont have for something they dont need.
Love isnt an emotion or an instinct - its an art.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.
When you create art, the world has to wait.
I started to make a study of the art of war and revolution and, whilst abroad, underwent a course in military training. If there was to be guerrilla warfare, I wanted to be able to stand and fight with my people and to share the hazards of war with them.
The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
Bullfighting is the only art in which the artist is in danger of death and in which the degree of brilliance in the performance is left to the fighters honor.
To catch a husband is an art to hold him is a job.
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.
In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemys country whole and intact to shatter and destroy it is not so good.
He who possesses art and science has religion he who does not possess them, needs religion.
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.
Music is the art of the prophets and the gift of God.
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.
The biggest problem with every art is by the use of appearance to create a loftier reality.
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.
I think art is the only thing thats spiritual in the world. And I refuse to forced to believe in other peoples interpretations of God. I dont think anybody should be. No one person can own the copyright to what God means.
I never called my work an art. Its part of show business, the business of building entertainment.
Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think.
Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art.
In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.
The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.
It is after all the greatest art to limit and isolate oneself.
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to work and deal with them.
Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced.
Art is always and everywhere the secret confession, and at the same time the immortal movement of its time.
One does not need buildings, money, power, or status to practice the Art of Peace. Heaven is right where you are standing, and that is the place to train.
Art is not a treasure in the past or an importation from another land, but part of the present life of all living and creating peoples.
Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
All married couples should learn the art of battle as they should learn the art of making love. Good battle is objective and honest - never vicious or cruel. Good battle is healthy and constructive, and brings to a marriage the principles of equal partnership.
The web, then, or the pattern, a web at once sensuous and logical, an elegant and pregnant texture: that is style, that is the foundation of the art of literature.
Dear God! how beauty varies in nature and art. In a woman the flesh must be like marble in a statue the marble must be like flesh.
He who would do good to another must do it in Minute Particulars: general Good is the plea of the scoundrel, hypocrite, and flatterer, for Art and Science cannot exist but in minutely organized Particulars.
When thou art above measure angry, bethink thee how momentary is mans life.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Europe is so well gardened that it resembles a work of art, a scientific theory, a neat metaphysical system. Man has re-created Europe in his own image.
Surely all art is the result of ones having been in danger, of having gone through an experience all the way to the end, where no one can go any further.
I am a soul. I know well that what I shall render up to the grave is not myself. That which is myself will go elsewhere. Earth, thou art not my abyss!
Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
Perhaps its good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if hes happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life?
The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on.
The finest works of art are precious, among other reasons, because they make it possible for us to know, if only imperfectly and for a little while, what it actually feels like to think subtly and feel nobly.
Art is the elimination of the unnecessary.
I think most of the people involved in any art always secretly wonder whether they are really there because theyre good or there because theyre lucky.
The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
To array a mans will against his sickness is the supreme art of medicine.
There are no contests in the Art of Peace. A true warrior is invincible because he or she contests with nothing. Defeat means to defeat the mind of contention that we harbor within.
Logic: The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding.
Freedom in art, freedom in society, this is the double goal towards which all consistent and logical minds must strive.
To my mind the old masters are not art their value is in their scarcity.
Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we dont start measuring her limbs.
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it. If people are disillusioned by that remark, I cant help it. Its the truth.
The capacity to be puzzled is the premise of all creation, be it in art or in science.
We want to answer this classical question, who am I? So I think that most of our works are for art, or whatever we do, including science or religion, tried to answer that question.
Ethics is in origin the art of recommending to others the sacrifices required for cooperation with oneself.
Dying is an art, like everything else. I do it exceptionally well. I do it so it feels like hell. I do it so it feels real. I guess you could say Ive a call.
Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesnt exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.
Life doesnt imitate art, it imitates bad television.
There is no abstract art. You must always start with something. Afterward you can remove all traces of reality.
So many gods, so many creeds, so many paths that wind and wind while just the art of being kind is all the sad world needs.
All in the Family was intellectual it was art.
The person who knows one thing and does it better than anyone else, even if it only be the art of raising lentils, receives the crown he merits. If he raises all his energy to that end, he is a benefactor of mankind and its rewarded as such.
We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth, at least the truth that is given to us to understand.
Religion is essentially the art and the theory of the remaking of man. Man is not a finished creation.
What I dream of is an art of balance, of purity and serenity devoid of troubling or depressing subject matter - a soothing, calming influence on the mind, rather like a good armchair which provides relaxation from physical fatigue.
All great art is the work of the whole living creature, body and soul, and chiefly of the soul.
The people who make art their business are mostly imposters.
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
The art of life is to live in the present moment, and to make that moment as perfect as we can by the realization that we are the instruments and expression of God Himself.
To be able to endure odium is the first art to be learned by those who aspire to power.
If thou art a man, admire those who attempt great things, even though they fail.
Every bit of me is devoted to love and art. And I aspire to try to be a teacher to my young fans who feel just like I felt when I was younger. I just felt like a freak. I guess what Im trying to say is Im trying to liberate them, I want to free them of their fears and make them feel that they can make their own space in the world.
No great art has ever been made without the artist having known danger.
The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.
Only through art can we emerge from ourselves and know what another person sees.
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a persons day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.
Art never improves, but... the material of art is never quite the same.
Being an artist is dragging your innermost feelings out, giving a piece of yourself, no matter in which art form, in which medium.
The challenge is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible.
Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.
The art of living well and the art of dying well are one.
What is Art? It is the response of mans creative soul to the call of the Real.
A great city, whose image dwells in the memory of man, is the type of some great idea. Rome represents conquest Faith hovers over the towers of Jerusalem and Athens embodies the pre-eminent quality of the antique world, Art.
Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed.
I think having land and not ruining it is the most beautiful art that anybody could ever want to own.
In Art, man reveals himself and not his objects.
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.
And the first rude sketch that the world had seen was joy to his mighty heart, till the Devil whispered behind the leaves Its pretty, but is it Art?
Eloquence, n. The art of orally persuading fools that white is the color that it appears to be. It includes the gift of making any color appear white.
I am a poor man and of little worth, who is laboring in that art that God has given me in order to extend my life as long as possible.
All architecture is great architecture after sunset perhaps architecture is really a nocturnal art, like the art of fireworks.
Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless.
Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation.
Chance gives rise to thoughts, and chance removes them no art can keep or acquire them.
Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness.
A race is a work of art that people can look at and be affected in as many ways theyre capable of understanding.
The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
In seeking wisdom thou art wise in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.
Every happening, great and small, is a parable whereby God speaks to us, and the art of life is to get the message.
Thou must be emptied of that wherewith thou art full, that thou mayest be filled with that whereof thou art empty.
Great nations write their autobiographies in three manuscripts - the book of their deeds, the book of their words and the book of their art.
The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards.
Poetry is the art of substantiating shadows, and of lending existence to nothing.
I say that democracy can never prove itself beyond cavil, until it founds and luxuriantly grows its own forms of art, poems, schools, theology, displacing all that exists, or that has been produced anywhere in the past, under opposite influences.
Listen to your inner-voice: Surround yourself with loving, nurturing people. Fall in love with your art and find yourself. Music is the great communicator.
Winners have the ability to step back from the canvas of their lives like an artist gaining perspective. They make their lives a work of art - an individual masterpiece.
I am a walking piece of art every day, with my dreams and my ambitions forward at all times in an effort to inspire my fans to lead their life in that way.
The art of motherhood involves much silent, unobtrusive self-denial, an hourly devotion which finds no detail too minute.
The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain.
The foundation of empire is art and science. Remove them or degrade them, and the empire is no more. Empire follows art and not vice versa as Englishmen suppose.
It is the addition of strangeness to beauty that constitutes the romantic character in art.
It is no great art to say something briefly when, like Tacitus, one has something to say when one has nothing to say, however, and none the less writes a whole book and makes truth into a liar - that I call an achievement.
If we know the divine art of concentration, if we know the divine art of meditation, if we know the divine art of contemplation, easily and consciously we can unite the inner world and the outer world.
When I am finishing a picture, I hold some God-made object up to it - a rock, a flower, the branch of a tree or my hand - as a final test. If the painting stands up beside a thing man cannot make, the painting is authentic. If theres a clash between the two, its bad art.
There is nothing new in art except talent.
All that we call ideal in Greek or any other art, because to us it is false and visionary, was, to the makers of it, true and existent.
What is art? Nature concentrated.
Creative without strategy is called art. Creative with strategy is called advertising.
One of the interesting things here is that the people who should be shaping the future are politicians. But the political framework itself is so dead and closed that people look to other sources, like artists, because art and music allow people a certain freedom.
All things are artificial, for nature is the art of God.
History develops, art stands still.
The momentous thing in human life is the art of winning the soul to good or evil.
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one.
True ease in writing comes from art, not chance, as those who move easiest have learned to dance.
All humanity is passion without passion, religion, history, novels, art would be ineffectual.
We are all hungry and thirsty for concrete images. Abstract art will have been good for one thing: to restore its exact virginity to figurative art.
Those who gave thee a body, furnished it with weakness but He who gave thee Soul, armed thee with resolution. Employ it, and thou art wise be wise and thou art happy.
Art has the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate.
Art is only a means to life, to the life more abundant. It is not in itself the life more abundant. It merely points the way, something which is overlooked not only by the public, but very often by the artist himself. In becoming an end it defeats itself.
The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization.
Criticism is the windows and chandeliers of art: it illuminates the enveloping darkness in which art might otherwise rest only vaguely discernible, and perhaps altogether unseen.
What can be more foolish than to think that all this rare fabric of heaven and earth could come by chance, when all the skill of art is not able to make an oyster!
The art of using deceit and cunning grow continually weaker and less effective to the user.
Parents are usually more careful to bestow knowledge on their children rather than virtue, the art of speaking well rather than doing well but their manners should be of the greatest concern.
Great artists are people who find the way to be themselves in their art. Any sort of pretension induces mediocrity in art and life alike.
Really I dont like human nature unless all candied over with art.
O, thou art fairer than the evening air clad in the beauty of a thousand stars.
What Ive discovered is that in art, as in music, theres a lot of truth-and then theres a lie. The artist is essentially creating his work to make this lie a truth, but he slides it in amongst all the others. The tiny little lie is the moment I live for, my moment. Its the moment that the audience falls in love.
Where thou art, that is home.
To speak of morals in art is to speak of legislature in sex. Art is the sex of the imagination.
I dont think about art when Im working. I try to think about life.
No art can be noble which is incapable of expressing thought, and no art is capable of expressing thought which does not change.
Politics is the art of choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth.
Diplomacy: the art of restraining power.
Land really is the best art.
Criticism is the art of appraising others at ones own value.
To do a dull thing with style-now thats what I call art.
It is in this power of saying everything, and yet saying nothing too plainly, that the perfection of art consists.
The art which we may call generally art of the wayside, as opposed to that which is the business of mens lives, is, in the best sense of the word, Grotesque.
Growing up going to Christian school and the concept that youre born a sinner and you dont really have a choice to change who you are has been hammered into my head and created the entire reason why I made art and made a band and made records called Antichrist Superstar.
To me, photography is an art of observation. Its about finding something interesting in an ordinary place... Ive found it has little to do with the things you see and everything to do with the way you see them.
Cunning is the art of concealing our own defects, and discovering other peoples weaknesses.
I realised the bohemian life was not for me. I would look around at my friends, living like starving artists, and wonder, Wheres the art? They werent doing anything. And there was so much interesting stuff to do, so much fun to be had... maybe I could even quit renting.
Patience is the art of hoping.
The man of genius is he and he alone who finds such joy in his art that he will work at it come hell or high water.
Religion and art spring from the same root and are close kin. Economics and art are strangers.
There is nothing in the world of art like the songs mother used to sing.
Simplicity and repose are the qualities that measure the true value of any work of art.
People who dont like me talk about it as though Im trash because I have tattoos. I find that insane because its 2008, not the 1950s. Tattoos arent limited to sailors. Its a form of art I find beautiful. I love it.
Music happens to be an art form that transcends language.
Art is mans constant effort to create for himself a different order of reality from that which is given to him.
The true art of memory is the art of attention.
Its clever, but is it Art?
The sinews of art and literature, like those of war, are money.
The youth of an art is, like the youth of anything else, its most interesting period. When it has come to the knowledge of good and evil it is stronger, but we care less about it.
What is comedy? Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making them puke.
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance... and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.
Diversity: the art of thinking independently together.
The greatness of art is not to find what is common but what is unique.
There is nothing, Sir, too little for so little a creature as man. It is by studying little things that we attain the great art of having as little misery and as much happiness as possible.
Life is the art of being well deceived and in order that the deception may succeed it must be habitual and uninterrupted.
All nature is but art unknown to thee.
Mens magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies. Womens magazines also often feature pictures of naked ladies. This is because the female body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and should not be seen by the light of day.
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.
My trade and art is to live.
The only honest art form is laughter, comedy. You cant fake it... try to fake three laughs in an hour - ha ha ha ha ha - theyll take you away, man. You cant.
An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture.
Art begins in imitation and ends in innovation.
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.
Architecture is the art of how to waste space.
Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of mans cruelty and baseness.
Space is the breath of art.
Art does not reproduce what we see rather, it makes us see.
I think art education, especially in this country, which government pretty much ignores, is so important for young people.
Fame is the echo of actions, resounding them to the world, save that the echo repeats only the last art, but fame relates all, and often more than all.
If thou art a master, be sometimes blind if a servant, sometimes deaf.
Art is an attempt to integrate evil.
A work of art that contains theories is like an object on which the price tag has been left.
To want friendship is a great fault. Friendship ought to be a gratuitous joy, like the joys afforded by art or life.
Mild autism can give you a genius like Einstein. If you have severe autism, you could remain nonverbal. You dont want people to be on the severe end of the spectrum. But if you got rid of all the autism genetics, you wouldnt have science or art. All you would have is a bunch of social yak yaks.
The sadness of the incomplete, the sadness that is often Life, but should never be Art.
Every work of art is an uncommitted crime.
You have to master not only the art of listening to your head, you must also master listening to your heart and listening to your gut.
One science only will one genius fit so vast is art, so narrow human wit.
There is no prejudice that the work of art does not finally overcome.
Memory is a great artist. For every man and for every woman it makes the recollection of his or her life a work of art and an unfaithful record.
The wealthy are always surrounded by hangers-on science and art are as well.
Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.
The work of art assumes the existence of the perfect spectator, and is indifferent to the fact that no such person exists.
Healing, Papa would tell me, is not a science, but the intuitive art of wooing nature.
The first mistake of art is to assume that its serious.
Good manners is the art of making those people easy with whom we converse. Whoever makes the fewest people uneasy is the best bred in the room.
Lying just for the fun of it is either art or pathology.
Death be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so. For, those, whom thou thinkst thou dost overthrow. Die not, poor death, nor yet canst thou kill me.
Evil is committed without effort, naturally, fatally goodness is always the product of some art.
The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power.
The effort of art is to keep what is interesting in existence, to recreate it in the eternal.
I consider skateboarding an art form, a lifestyle and a sport. Action sport would be the least offensive categorization.
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.
Logic is neither an art nor a science but a dodge.
The excellency of every art is its intensity, capable of making all disagreeable evaporate.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
In science, as in art, and, as I believe, in every other sphere of human activity, there may be wisdom in a multitude of counsellors, but it is only in one or two of them.
You may choose your words like a connoisseur, And polish it up with art, But the word that sways, and stirs, and stays, Is the word that comes from the heart.
People are surprised at how down-to-earth I am. I like to stay home on Friday nights and listen to The Art of Happiness by the Dalai Lama.
Emotion resulting from a work of art is only of value when it is not obtained by sentimental blackmail.
All good art is an indiscretion.
Great art is the contempt of a great man for small art.
I believe entertainment can aspire to be art, and can become art, but if you set out to make art youre an idiot.
Art, as far as it is able, follows nature, as a pupil imitates his master thus your art must be, as it were, Gods grandchild.
Gossip is the art of saying nothing in a way that leaves practically nothing unsaid.
Errors are not in the art but in the artificers.
It is veneer, rouge, aestheticism, art museums, new theaters, etc. that make America impotent. The good things are football, kindness, and jazz bands.
Simplicity is the final achievement. After one has played a vast quantity of notes and more notes, it is simplicity that emerges as the crowning reward of art.
Art is the objectification of feeling.
There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.
The beginning of a friendship, the fact that two people out of the thousands around them can meet and connect and become friends, seems like a kind of magic to me. But maintaining a friendship requires work. I dont mean that as a bad thing. Good art requires work as well.
The sole art that suits me is that which, rising from unrest, tends toward serenity.
Art is the collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
Deliver me from writers who say the way they live doesnt matter. Im not sure a bad person can write a good book, If art doesnt make us better, then what on earth is it for.
Politics is not the art of the possible. It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
Art has to move you and design does not, unless its a good design for a bus.
The art of creation is older than the art of killing.
The best part of the art of living is to know how to grow old gracefully.
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art.
The love of all-inclusiveness is as dangerous in philosophy as in art.
Great art is the outward expression of an inner life in the artist, and this inner life will result in his personal vision of the world.
We work in the dark - we do what we can - we give what we have. Our doubt is our passion and our passion is our task. The rest is the madness of art.
Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials.
Art is moral passion married to entertainment. Moral passion without entertainment is propaganda, and entertainment without moral passion is television.
Telling lies is a fault in a boy, an art in a lover, an accomplishment in a bachelor, and second-nature in a married man.
If you are going to break a Law of Art, make the crime interesting.
The art of pleasing consists in being pleased.
When science, art, literature, and philosophy are simply the manifestation of personality they are on a level where glorious and dazzling achievements are possible, which can make a mans name live for thousands of years.
Wherever the art of medicine is loved, there is also a love of humanity.
Art is permitted to survive only if it renounces the right to be different, and integrates itself into the omnipotent realm of the profane.
The counterfeit and counterpart of Nature is reproduced in art.
The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself.
The art of Peace I practice has room for each of the worlds eight million gods, and I cooperate with them all. The God of Peace is very great and enjoins all that is divine and enlightened in every land.
I like it when somebody tells me a story, and I actually really feel that thats becoming like a lost art in American cinema.
Theres a lot of thought in art. People get to talk about important things. Theres a lot of sex, you know, in art. Theres a lot of naked women and men, and theres intrigue, theres fakery. Its a real microcosm of the larger world.
You want to be a bit compulsive in your art or craft or whatever you do.
Im enamored with the art world. Anytime you look at anything thats considered artistic, theres a commercial world around it: the ballet, opera, any kind of music. It cant exist without it.
Art at its most significant is a Distant Early Warning System that can always be relied on to tell the old culture what is beginning to happen to it.
Most works of art, like most wines, ought to be consumed in the district of their fabrication.
Art is why I get up in the morning but my definition ends there. You know I dont think its fair that Im living for something I cant even define.
People believe that photographs are true and therefore cannot be art.
Art seduces, but does not exploit.
Art is the most beautiful deception of all. And although people try to incorporate the everyday events of life in it, we must hope that it will remain a deception lest it become a utilitarian thing, sad as a factory.
To the man who loves art for its own sake, it is frequently in its least important and lowliest manifestations that the keenest pleasure is to be derived.
Film will only became an art when its materials are as inexpensive as pencil and paper.
In art and dream may you proceed with abandon. In life may you proceed with balance and stealth.
Building art is a synthesis of life in materialised form. We should try to bring in under the same hat not a splintered way of thinking, but all in harmony together.
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art.
An art which isnt based on feeling isnt an art at all.
The knowledge of God is the cause of things. For the knowledge of God is to all creatures what the knowledge of the artificer is to things made by his art.
I cant satisfy myself with just trying to tie all of my imagination into music, especially when music is not appreciated as an art form as much as it used to be.
Art gives me the freedom I dont have when I make music.
The idea is, if I cant heal from my art, then how can you heal?
Riding a race bike is an art - a thing that you do because you feel something inside.
I try to keep a low profile in general. Not with my art, but just as a person.
In general it can be said that a nations art is greatest when it most reflects the character of its people.
At the University of Maryland, my first year I started off planning to major in art because I was interested in theatre design, stage design or television design.
What an artist is trying to do for people is bring them closer to something, because of course art is about sharing. You wouldnt be an artist unless you wanted to share an experience, a thought.
What is art? Prostitution.
Art is not what you see, but what you make others see.
Design is the method of putting form and content together. Design, just as art, has multiple definitions there is no single definition. Design can be art. Design can be aesthetics. Design is so simple, thats why it is so complicated.
I dont have anything to say about other peoples art and their work.
Patience is the art of concealing your impatience.
The screen is a magic medium. It has such power that it can retain interest as it conveys emotions and moods that no other art form can hope to tackle.
For his heart was in his work, and the heart giveth grace unto every art.
Resolve and thou art free.
Art is a harmony parallel with nature.
Film as dream, film as music. No art passes our conscience in the way film does, and goes directly to our feelings, deep down into the dark rooms of our souls.
I do not want art for a few any more than education for a few, or freedom for a few.
The style of ancient Egyptian art is transcendently clear, something 8-year-olds can recognize in an instant. Its consistency and codification is one of the most epic visual journeys in all art, one that lasts 30 dynasties spread over 3,000 years.
Egotism: The art of seeing in yourself what others cannot see.
A work of art has no importance whatever to society. It is only important to the individual.
I dont think any movie or any book or any work of art can solve the stalemate in the Middle East today. But its certainly worth a try.
I think that ones art is a growth inside one. I do not think one can explain growth. It is silent and subtle. One does not keep digging up a plant to see how it grows.
It is a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it.
After a few months in my parents basement, I took an apartment near the state university, where I discovered both crystal methamphetamine and conceptual art. Either one of these things are dangerous, but in combination they have the potential to destroy entire civilizations.
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.
I had wanted a tape recorder since I was tiny. I thought it was a magic thing. I never got one until just before I went to art school.
It is not hard to understand modern art. If it hangs on a wall its a painting, and if you can walk around it its a sculpture.
Art is anything you can get away with.
Everything a writer learns about the art or craft of fiction takes just a little away from his need or desire to write at all. In the end he knows all the tricks and has nothing to say.
Nature scarcely ever gives us the very best for that we must have recourse to art.
To say nothing, especially when speaking, is half the art of diplomacy.
Design in art, is a recognition of the relation between various things, various elements in the creative flux. You cant invent a design. You recognize it, in the fourth dimension. That is, with your blood and your bones, as well as with your eyes.
Oh literature, oh the glorious Art, how it preys upon the marrow in our bones. It scoops the stuffing out of us, and chucks us aside. Alas!
Everyone discusses my art and pretends to understand, as if it were necessary to understand, when it is simply necessary to love.
In its most limited sense, modern, art would seem to concern itself only with the technical innovations of the period.
The question of the value of nationality in art is perhaps unsolvable.
The trend in some of the contemporary movements in art, but by no means all, seems to deny this ideal and to me appears to lead to a purely decorative conception of painting.
Life is short, the art long.
Everything that has ever been called folk art has always reflected domination.
Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you dont live it, it wont come out of your horn. They teach you theres a boundary line to music. But, man, theres no boundary line to art.
My age and health will never allow me to realize the dream of art Ive been pursuing all my life.
Dont be an art critic. Paint. There lies salvation.
Film editing is now something almost everyone can do at a simple level and enjoy it, but to take it to a higher level requires the same dedication and persistence that any art form does.
Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a mans starving!
It ought to be illegal for an artist to marry. If the artist must marry let him find someone more interested in art, or his art, or the artist part of him, than in him. After which let them take tea together three times a week.
It is not in life, but in art that self-fulfillment is to be found.
Art lies by its own artifice.
Art has a double face, of expression and illusion, just like science has a double face: the reality of error and the phantom of truth.
Art and works of art do not make an artist sense and enthusiasm and instinct do.
You cant but know that if you can capture the emotions of the audience as well as their minds, the play will work better, because its a narrative art form.
Teachers believe they have a gift for giving it drives them with the same irrepressible drive that drives others to create a work of art or a market or a building.
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
To say the word Romanticism is to say modern art - that is, intimacy, spirituality, color, aspiration towards the infinite, expressed by every means available to the arts.
What strikes me is the fact that in our society, art has become something which is only related to objects, and not to individuals, or to life.
Art is so subjective, and people can react however they want.
Im free. I just do what I want, say what I want, say how I feel, and I dont try to hurt nobody. I just try to make sure that I dont compromise my art in any kind of way, and I think people respect that.
Rumors sound of galleries asking artists for upsized art and more of it. Ive heard of photographers asked to print larger to increase the wall power and salability of their work. Everything winds up set to maximum in order to feed the beast.
To engage with art, we have to be willing to be wrong, venture outside our psychic comfort zones, suspend disbelief, and remember that art explores and alters consciousness simultaneously.
Summer is a great time to visit art museums, which offer the refreshing rinse of swimming pools - only instead of cool water, you immerse yourself in art.
I cant bear art that you can walk round and admire. A book should be either a bandit or a rebel or a man in the crowd.
Since obscenity is the truth of our passion today, it is the only stuff of art - or almost the only stuff.
The essential function of art is moral. But a passionate, implicit morality, not didactic. A morality which changes the blood, rather than the mind.
I am more a friend of art than a producer of painting.
You say a new era in art is preparing you sensed it coming continue your studies without weakening. God will do the rest.
I have nothing to hide in art. The initial force alone can bring anyone to the end he must attain.
Is art really the priesthood that demands the pure in heart who belong to it wholly?
A frenzied passion for art is a canker that devours everything else.
Evil is done without effort, naturally, it is the working of fate good is always the product of an art.
I didnt grow up thinking of movies as film, or art, but as movies, something to do on a Saturday afternoon.
The art of living is the art of knowing how to believe lies.
Lets talk of a system that transforms all the social organisms into a work of art, in which the entire process of work is included... something in which the principle of production and consumption takes on a form of quality. Its a Gigantic project.
Any authentic work of art must start an argument between the artist and his audience.
History repeats itself, but the special call of an art which has passed away is never reproduced. It is as utterly gone out of the world as the song of a destroyed wild bird.
One of the most amazing things about mathematics is the people who do math arent usually interested in application, because mathematics itself is truly a beautiful art form. Its structures and patterns, and thats what we love, and thats what we get off on.
A rose is the visible result of an infinitude of complicated goings on in the bosom of the earth and in the air above, and similarly a work of art is the product of strange activities in the human mind.
It was Public Art, defined as art that is purchased by experts who are not spending their own personal money.
Art is not necessary at all. All that is necessary to make this world a better place to live in is to love - to love as Christ loved, as Buddha loved.
Advertising is fundamentally persuasion and persuasion happens to be not a science, but an art.
I was doing these performance art pop music pieces in the city. And they were a bit on the eccentric side I suppose. So people started to call me Gaga after the Queen song Radio Gaga.
Medicine is not only a science it is also an art. It does not consist of compounding pills and plasters it deals with the very processes of life, which must be understood before they may be guided.
I would no more quarrel with a man because of his religion than I would because of his art.
So long as the system of competition in the production and exchange of the means of life goes on, the degradation of the arts will go on and if that system is to last for ever, then art is doomed, and will surely die that is to say, civilization will die.
Poor Georgia OKeeffe. Death didnt soften the opinions of the art world toward her paintings.
Ive always said that an art critic can put aside politics around art.
Megacollectors suppose they can enter art history by spending astronomical amounts.
The art gods cooked up something special for James Ensor.
All art comes from other art, and all immigrants come from other places.
When art wins, everyone wins.
I have a soft spot for art that, in terms of subject matter and material, is in bad taste.
Art is changing. Again. Here. Now. Opportunities to witness this are rare, so attend and observe.
Art is good, bad, boring, ugly, useful to us or not.
Recessions are hard on people, but they are not hard on art.
I like that the art world isnt regulated.
The art world is molting - some would say melting. Galleries are closing museums are scaling back.
Almost all institutions own a lot more art than they can ever show, much of it revealing for its timeliness, genius, or sheer weirdness.
The forties, seventies, and the nineties, when money was scarce, were great periods, when the art world retracted but it was also reborn.
Robert Rauschenberg was not a giant of American art he was the giant. No American created so many aesthetic openings for so many artists.
The Met is not only the finest encyclopedic museum of art in the United States it is arguably the finest anywhere.
Money is something that can be measured art is not. Its all subjective.
Contrary to popular opinion, things dont go stale particularly fast in the art world.
Art usually only makes the news in America when the subject is money.
I hate art auctions.
The price of a work of art has nothing to do with what the work of art is, can do, or is worth on an existential, alchemical level.
To me, nothing in the art world is neutral. The idea of disinterest strikes me as boring, dishonest, dubious, and uninteresting.
The art world is an all-volunteer force. No one has to be here if he or she doesnt want to be, and we should be associating with anyone we want to.
Wolfgang Tillmans stunning large-scale pictures, being shown for the first time, were so offhand I failed to see them as art.
Galleries began growing in both number and size in the late seventies, when artists who worked in lofts wanted to exhibit their work in spaces similar to the ones the art was made in.
Theres something pleasing about large, well-lit spaces. I love that dealers are willing to take massive chances in order to give this much room to their artists. Most of all, I love that more galleries showing more art gives more artists a shot.
First let me report that the art in the Barnes Collection has never looked better. My trips to the old Barnes were always amazing, but except on the sunniest days, you could barely see the art. The building always felt pushed beyond its capacity.
Not to say people shouldnt get rich from art. I adore the alchemy wherein artists who cast a complex spell make rich people give them their money. (Just writing it makes me cackle.) But too many artists have been making money without magic.
These days, newish art can be priced between $10,000 and $25,000. When I tell artists that a new painting by a newish artist should go for around $1,200, they look at me like Im a flesh-eating virus.
In art, scandal is a false narrative, a smoke screen that camouflages rather than reveals. When we dont know what were seeing, we overreact.
Damien Hirst is the Elvis of the English art world, its ayatollah, deliverer, and big-thinking entrepreneurial potty-mouthed prophet and front man. Hirst synthesizes punk, Pop Art, Jeff Koons, Marcel Duchamp, Francis Bacon, and Catholicism.
Anyone who relishes art should love the extraordinary diversity and psychic magic of our art galleries. Theres likely more combined square footage for the showing of art on one New York block - West 24th Street between Tenth and Eleventh Avenues - than in all of Amsterdams or Hamburgs galleries.
Yes, 85 percent of the art you see isnt any good. But everyone has a different opinion about which 85 percent is bad. That in turn creates fantastically unstable interplay and argument.
Many museums are drawing audiences with art that is ostensibly more entertaining than stuff that just sits and invites contemplation. Interactivity, gizmos, eating, hanging out, things that make noise - all are now the norm, often edging out much else.
Imagine its 1981. Youre an artist, in love with art, smitten with art history. Youre also a woman, with almost no mentors to look to art history just isnt that into you. Any woman approaching art history in the early eighties was attempting to enter an almost foreign country, a restricted and exclusionary domain that spoke a private language.
Willem de Kooning is generally credited for coming out of the painterly gates strong in the forties, revolutionizing art and abstraction and reaching incredible heights by the early fifties, and then tailing off.
I also take pleasure in the so-called negative power in Grotjahns work. That is, I love his paintings for what they are not. Unlike much art of the past decade, Grotjahn isnt simply working from a prescribed checklist of academically acceptable, curator-approved isms and twists.
It is not possible to overstate the influence of Paul Cezanne on twentieth-century art. Hes the modern Giotto, someone who shattered one kind of picture-making and invented a new one that the world followed.
The greatest work of art about New York? The question seems nebulous. The citys magic and majesty are distilled in the photographs of Alfred Stieglitz and Paul Strand.
Abstract Expressionism - the first American movement to have a worldwide influence - was remarkably short-lived: It heated up after World War II and was all but done for by 1960 (although visit any art school today and youll find a would-be Willem de Kooning).
My culture-deprived, aspirational mother dragged me once a month from our northern suburb - where the word art never came up - to the Art Institute of Chicago. I hated it.
Im noticing a new approach to art making in recent museum and gallery shows. It flickered into focus at the New Museums Younger Than Jesus last year and ran through the Whitney Biennial, and Im seeing it blossom and bear fruit at Greater New York, MoMA P.S. 1s twice-a-decade extravaganza of emerging local talent.
Outside museums, in noisy public squares, people look at people. Inside museums, we leave that realm and enter what might be called the group-mind, getting quiet to look at art.
It took the Metropolitan Museum of Art nearly 50 years to wake up to Pablo Picasso. It didnt own one of his paintings until 1946, when Gertrude Stein bequeathed that indomitable quasi-Cubistic picture of herself - a portrait of the writer as a sumo Buddha - to the Met, principally because she disliked the Museum of Modern Art.
All of Koonss best art - the encased vacuum cleaners, the stainless-steel Rabbit (the late-twentieth centurys signature work of Simulationist sculpture), the amazing gleaming Balloon Dog, and the cast-iron re-creation of a Civil War mortar exhibited last month at the Armory - has simultaneously flaunted extreme realism, idealism, and fantasy.
Venice is the perfect place for a phase of art to die. No other city on earth embraces entropy quite like this magical floating mall.
Appropriation is the idea that ate the art world. Go to any Chelsea gallery or international biennial and youll find it. Its there in paintings of photographs, photographs of advertising, sculpture with ready-made objects, videos using already-existing film.
After its hothouse incubation in the seventies, appropriation breathed important new life into art. This life flowered spectacularly over the decades - even if its now close to aesthetic kudzu.
The New York art world readily proves people wrong. Just when folks say that things stink and flibbertigibbet critics wish the worst on us all because were not pure enough, good omens appear.
Artistic qualities that once seemed undeniable dont seem so now. Sometimes these fluctuations are only fickleness of taste, momentary glitches in an artists work, or an artist getting ahead of his audience (it took me ten years to catch up to Albert Oehlen). Other times, however, these problems mean theres something wrong with the art.
Can space break? I mean the space of art galleries. Over the past 100 years, art galleries have gone from looking like Beaux Arts salons to simple storefronts to industrial lofts to the gleaming giant white cubes of Chelsea with their shiny concrete floors.
Its great that New York has large spaces for art. But the enormous immaculate box has become a dated, even oppressive place. Many of these spaces were designed for sprawling installations, large paintings, and the Relational Aesthetics work of the past fifteen years.
The giant white cube is now impeding rather than enhancing the rhythms of art. It preprograms a viewers journey, shifts the emphasis from process to product, and lacks individuality and openness. Its not that art should be seen only in rutty bombed-out environments, but it should seem alive.
Its art that pushes against psychological and social expectations, that tries to transform decay into something generative, that is replicative in a baroque way, that isnt about progress, and wants to - as Walt Whitman put it - contain multitudes.
The last time money left the art world, intrepid types maxed out their credit cards and opened galleries, and a few of them have become the best in the world.
Much good art got made while money ruled I like a lot of it, and hardship and poverty arent virtues. The good news is that, since almost no one will be selling art, artists - especially emerging ones - wont have to think about turning out a consistent style or creating a brand. Theyll be able to experiment as much as they want.
While a large segment of the art world has obsessed over a tiny number of stars and their prices, an aesthetic shift has been occurring. Its not a movement - movements are more sure of themselves. Its a change of mood or expectation, a desire for art to be more than showy effects, big numbers, and gamesmanship.
When money and hype recede from the art world, one thing I wont miss will be what curator Francesco Bonami calls the Eventocracy. All this flashy art-fair art and those highly produced space-eating spectacles and installations wow you for a minute until you move on to the next adrenaline event.
A saboteur in the house of art and a comedienne in the house of art theory, Lawler has spent three decades documenting the secret life of art. Functioning as a kind of one-woman CSI unit, she has photographed pictures and objects in collectors homes, in galleries, on the walls of auction houses, and off the walls, in museum storage.
Works of art often last forever, or nearly so. But exhibitions themselves, especially gallery exhibitions, are like flowers they bloom and then they die, then exist only as memories, or pressed in magazines and books.
If only we could persuade galleries to observe a fallow period in which, for two months every other year, new and old works of art could be sold in back rooms and all main galleries would be devoted to revisiting shows gone by.
A canon is antithetical to everything the New York art world has been about for the past 40 years, during which we went from being the center of the art world to being one of many centers.
It took me twenty years to get Steven Parrinos work. From the time I first saw his art, in the mid-eighties, I almost always dismissed it as mannered, Romantic, formulaic, conceptualist-formalist heavy-metal boy-art abstraction.
Another unsettling element in modern art is that common symptom of immaturity, the dread of doing what has been done before.
Art is the signature of civilizations.
Although all the good arts serve to draw mans mind away from vices and lead it toward better things, this function can be more fully performed by this art, which also provides extraordinary intellectual pleasure.
The details are the very source of expression in architecture. But we are caught in a vice between art and the bottom line.
Surrealism: An archaic term. Formerly an art movement. No longer distinguishable from everyday life.
I try to give people a different way of looking at their surroundings. Thats art to me.
Translation is the art of failure.
Life is very nice, but it lacks form. Its the aim of art to give it some.
Im very happy to hear that my work inspires writers and painters. Its the most beautiful compliment, the greatest reward. Art should always be an exchange.
Literature is the art of discovering something extraordinary about ordinary people, and saying with ordinary words something extraordinary.
Raising children is a creative endeavor, an art rather than a science.
The whole aspect of cinema and film festivals should be a moment to come together and celebrate art and humanity. It would be a shame if there was such a divide.
The art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups.
All art is exorcism. I paint dreams and visions too the dreams and visions of my time. Painting is the effort to produce order order in yourself. There is much chaos in me, much chaos in our time.
Shadows sometimes people dont see shadows. The Chinese of course never paint them in pictures, oriental art never deals with shadow. But I noticed these shadows and I knew it meant it was sunny.
Success and the art of making music are two different things for me.
People criticized me for my photography. They said its not art.
I always feel like the arts there and I just see it, so its not really a lot of work.
I went to art school actually when I was sixteen years old.
How can anybody learn anything from an artwork when the piece of art only reflects the vanity of the artist and not reality?
Anyway I feel myself a bit on the edge on the art world, but I dont mind, Im just pursuing my work in a very excited way. And there isnt really a mainstream anymore, is there?
If you dont get noticed, you dont have anything. You just have to be noticed, but the art is in getting noticed naturally, without screaming or without tricks.
It seems almost backwards to me that my music seems the more emotional outlet, and the art stuff seems more about ideas.
Real popular culture is folk art - coalminers songs and so forth.
I want to serve chess through games, books that are works of art. I would like to bring the game closer to many people all over the world.
Its important to debunk the myths of Africa being this benighted continent civilized only when white people arrived. In fact, Africans had been creators of culture for thousands of years before. These were very intelligent, subtle and sophisticated people, with organized societies and great art.
In our life there is a single color, as on an artists palette, which provides the meaning of life and art. It is the color of love.
I want art to make me think. In order to do that, it may piss me off, or make me uncomfortable. That promotes awareness and change, or at least some discussion.
Art is vice. You dont marry it legitimately, you rape it.
Controversy is part of the nature of art and creativity.
Oh yeah, I mean every fighter has got be dedicated, learn how to sacrifice, know what the devotion is all about, make sure youre paying attention and studying your art.
I am an anarchist in politics and an impressionist in art as well as a symbolist in literature. Not that I understand what these terms mean, but I take them to be all merely synonyms of pessimist.
The Dancer believes that his art has something to say which cannot be expressed in words or in any other way than by dancing.
Life is like art. You have to work hard to keep it simple and still have meaning.
Ability is the art of getting credit for all the home runs somebody else hits.
Interpretation is the revenge of the intellectual upon art.
The 1990s, after the reign of terror of academic vandalism, will be a decade of restoration: restoration of meaning, value, beauty, pleasure, and emotion to art and restoration of art to its audience.
In an era ruled by materialism and unstable geopolitics, art must be restored to the center of public education.
Because most of my career in the classroom has been at art schools (beginning at Bennington in the 1970s), I am hyper-aware of the often grotesque disconnect between commentary on the arts and the actual practice or production of the arts.
One of the main reasons I am so drawn to Hitchcock is that he planned his shots way in advance on story-boards, which he designed like classic paintings (he was an art connoisseur). Its why he found shooting on set boring - because he had already composed the film in his head.
Madonna remains the most visible performer on the planet, as well as one of the wealthiest, but would anyone seriously say that artistic self-development is her primary motivating principle? She is too busy with Kabbalah, fashion merchandising, adoption melodramas, the gym, and ill-starred horseback riding to study art.
Its high time for the art world to admit that the avant-garde is dead. It was killed by my hero, Andy Warhol, who incorporated into his art all the gaudy commercial imagery of capitalism (like Campbells soup cans) that most artists had stubbornly scorned.
To me, art supplies are always okay to buy.
Art is something to be proud of. Art is no compromise.
But theater, because of its nature, both text, images, multimedia effects, has a wider base of communication with an audience. Thats why I call it the most social of the various art forms.
The problem is that once the rules of art are debunked, and once the unpleasant realities the irony diagnoses are revealed and diagnosed, then what do we do?
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully on canvas or write wonderful poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. Thats how I get my kicks.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows youre scared to death.
The downfall of the industry seems to actually be good for art. I think the industry will find their way once the focus shifts from its greed-based origins, downsizes, and begins to support creative visions that speak to our times and shifting ideals.
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind.
The new job of art is to sit on the wall and get more expensive.
I am not a great cook, I am not a great artist, but I love art, and I love food, so I am the perfect traveller.
Art must take reality by surprise.
What you have now is a Hollywood that is pure poison. Hollywood was a central place in the history of art in the 20th century: it was human idealism preserved. And then, like any great place, it collapsed, and it collapsed into the most awful machinery in the world.
I have a small house so I borrow everything except art, thats what I love.
I think people should be given a test much like drivers tests as to whether theyre capable of being parents! Its an art form. I talk a lot. And I think a lot. And I draw a lot. But never in a million years would I have been a parent. Thats just work thats too hard.
I owe much to mother. She had an experts understanding, but also approached art emotionally.
For me, pointing and clicking my phone is absolutely fine. People say that isnt the art of photography but I dont agree.
Art is the concrete representation of our most subtle feelings.
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life.
For as long as I can remember I have suffered from a deep feeling of anxiety which I have tried to express in my art.
If you cannot learn to love real art at least learn to hate sham art.
The greater the decrease in the social significance of an art form, the sharper the distinction between criticism and enjoyment by the public. The conventional is uncritically enjoyed, and the truly new is criticized with aversion.
Literature flourishes best when it is half a trade and half an art.
Fashion often starts off beautiful and becomes ugly, whereas art starts off ugly sometimes and becomes beautiful.
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
Art evokes the mystery without which the world would not exist.
What matters poverty? What matters anything to him who is enamoured of our art? Does he not carry in himself every joy and every beauty?
Film is a very young art that is still evolving. Soon, we shall reach a balance between content and technology.
All I owe the world is my art.
Art is dangerous. It is one of the attractions: when it ceases to be dangerous you dont want it.
Aesthetic emotion puts man in a state favorable to the reception of erotic emotion. Art is the accomplice of love. Take love away and there is no longer art.
When the bright angel dominates, out comes a great work of art, a Michelangelo David or a Beethoven symphony.
I like the fact that in ancient Chinese art the great painters always included a deliberate flaw in their work: human creation is never perfect.
Im not dead and I dont have blue hair but some people say there are similarities. It is usually intolerable to watch myself onscreen but this time its fine. I think its beautiful and a real work of art.
More than art, more than literature, music is universally accessible.
I think no artist can claim to have any access to the truth, or an authentic version of an event. But obviously they have slightly better means at their disposal because they have their art to energize whatever it is theyre trying to write about. They have music.
Every man should follow the bent of his nature in art and letters, always provided that he does not offend against the rules of morality and good taste.
He has only half learned the art of reading who has not added to it the more refined art of skipping and skimming.
If only life could be a little more tender and art a little more robust.
Seek art from every time and place, in any form, to connect with those who really move you.
Back then, I didnt have a big organization around me. I was just a kid with a guitar, traveling around. My responsibility basically was to the art, and I had extra time on my hands. There is no extra time now. There isnt enough time.
Theres no being wrong in seeing something in art, only being disagreed with.
The art of living does not consist in preserving and clinging to a particular mode of happiness, but in allowing happiness to change its form without being disappointed by the change happiness, like a child, must be allowed to grow up.
I think good art does come from a dark place.
I think of art as the highest level of creativity. To me, it is one of the greatest sources of enjoyment.
Literature has drawn a funny perimeter that other art forms havent.
Reading is an art form, and every man can be an artist.
It is a myth that art has to be sold. It is not like stocking a grocery store where people fill a pushcart. Art is a product that has no apparent need. The salesperson builds the need in the mind of the buyer.
What Im doing is art - its low-brow art but theres a magic in that.
Art allows people a way to dream their way out of their struggle.
I just like art. I get pure pleasure from it. I have a lot of wonderful paintings, and every time I look at them I see something different.
I realize that every picture isnt a work of art.
To be honest, I sort of feel like movie actor isnt of this time. I love it. But its a 20th-century art form.
I view art as an inspirational tool.
What is art but a way of seeing?
Any fool can have bad luck the art consists in knowing how to exploit it.
Good art provides people with a vocabulary about things they cant articulate.
It has taken me years of struggle, hard work and research to learn to make one simple gesture, and I know enough about the art of writing to realize that it would take as many years of concentrated effort to write one simple, beautiful sentence.
Art may imitate life, but life imitates TV.
Celebrity doesnt have anything to do with art or craft. Its about being rich and thinking that youre better than everybody else.
It is commonly supposed that the art of pleasing is a wonderful aid in the pursuit of fortune but the art of being bored is infinitely more successful.
Ive sort of escaped my background, as people often do, through art and culture.
It is the glory and good of Art, That Art remains the one way possible Of speaking truth, to mouths like mine at least.
The art of the parenthesis is one of the greatest secrets of eloquence in Society.
The worst state of affairs is when science begins to concern itself with art.
I was the hero of the young insurgent working class art movement.
Thou art my single day, God lends to leaven What were all earth else, with a feel of heaven.
The art of being sick is not the same as the art of getting well.
Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art.
Id like to introduce someone who has just come into my life. Ive admired him for 35 years. Hes someone who represents integrity, honesty, art, and on top of that stuff Im actually sleeping with him.
An art whose medium is language will always show a high degree of critical creativeness, for speech is itself a critique of life: it names, it characterizes, it passes judgment, in that it creates.
Art is nothing but the expression of our dream the more we surrender to it the closer we get to the inner truth of things, our dream-life, the true life that scorns questions and does not see them.
The art of communication is the language of leadership.
I love to collect modern art.
For nine years I worked to change what was hairdressing then into a geometric art form with color, perm without setting which had never been done before.
I choose films for their artistic value. I dont need a mansion or a Jaguar. When I leave this Earth, I wont take any money with me. All I will leave behind will be my art.
Alchemy is the art of far and near, and I think poetry is alchemy in that way. Its delightful to distort size, to see something thats tiny as though it were vast.
Only in mens imagination does every truth find an effective and undeniable existence. Imagination, not invention, is the supreme master of art as of life.
The idea of avant-garde art is a very suspicious thing to me, the idea that poetry is new and it keeps being new the way Chevrolets every year are new.
Any work that aspires, however humbly, to the condition of art should carry its justification in every line.
When thou art at Rome, do as they do at Rome.
Rock isnt art, its the way ordinary people talk.
Tell me thy company, and Ill tell thee what thou art.
Book-jacket design may become a lost art, like album-cover design, without which late-20th-century iconography would have been pauperized.
Art is nature speeded up and God slowed down.
There was a big drive when I was at art school to make you aware of the economy of meaning - after all, this was still during the tail end of minimalism. Being responsible for everything you put in your picture, and being able to defend it. Keeping everything clear around you so you know what is operating. To open the wound and keep it clean.
I was very much into buying contemporary art, but Ive just decided I want to get rid of it all. Not that its not great art, but all of a sudden my mood has changed, and I want to go back to seventeenth- and eighteenth-century masters.
I did this Super-8 film at art school called Tissues, this black comedy about a family whose father has been arrested for child molestation. I was absolutely thrilled by every inch of it, and would throw my projector in the back of my car and show it to anybody who would watch it.
The great art of films does not consist of descriptive movement of face and body but in the movements of thought and soul transmitted in a kind of intense isolation.
Magic becomes art when it has nothing to hide.
Science is spectral analysis. Art is light synthesis.
My first love is art, and I see a lot of things in an artistic way.
In my world, history comes down to language and art. No one cares much about what battles were fought, who won them and who lost them - unless there is a painting, a play, a song or a poem that speaks of the event.
A compromise is the art of dividing a cake in such a way that everyone believes he has the biggest piece.
Wushu is a move in Chinese, a physical move. An attack. Wushu is like an art.
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how youre going to live your life.
My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of human freedoms - to choose ones attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose ones own way.
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people whom we personally dislike.
It is not the bodys posture, but the hearts attitude that counts when we pray.
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude.
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new.
The reactionary is always willing to take a progressive attitude on any issue that is dead.
Ability is what youre capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
Cock your hat - angles are attitudes.
When you pray for anyone you tend to modify your personal attitude toward him.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
Im only going to stand before God and give an account for my life, not for somebody elses life. If I have a bad attitude, then I need to say theres no point in me blaming you for whats wrong in my life.
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
My attitude is, if someones going to criticize me, tell me to my face.
Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it cant be done.
My general attitude to life is to enjoy every minute of every day. I never do anything with a feeling of, Oh God, Ive got to do this today.
A complainer is like a Death Eater because theres a suction of negative energy. You can catch a great attitude from great people.
The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves, but in our attitude towards them.
Pink isnt just a color, its an attitude!
The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day.
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
When you are thwarted, it is your own attitude that is out of order.
I think its my adventure, my trip, my journey, and I guess my attitude is, let the chips fall where they may.
Bad attitudes will ruin your team.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Happiness is an attitude of mind, born of the simple determination to be happy under all outward circumstances.
Great effort springs naturally from great attitude.
Attitudes are more important than facts.
Attitude is everything.
Attitude determines the altitude of life.
Our attitude toward life determines lifes attitude towards us.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind.
But my attitude about it is I have miles to go before I sleep.
The attitude is very important. Because, your behavior radiates how you feel.
When you aint got no money, you gotta get an attitude.
Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men.
Most of us start out with a positive attitude and a plan to do our best.
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes.
Funny is an attitude.
The biggest challenge is how to affect public attitudes and make people care.
If you dont like something, change it. If you cant change it, change your attitude.
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.
Happiness doesnt depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
Whenever youre in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude.
Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when its hard. When you do that you are passing the test. And God promises you your marked moments are on their way.
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges.
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
A healthy attitude is contagious but dont wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
I hope the millions of people Ive touched have the optimism and desire to share their goals and hard work and persevere with a positive attitude.
We cannot change our past. We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way. We can not change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude.
I was looking for something a lot heavier, yet melodic at the same time. Something different from heavy metal, a different attitude.
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement improve your attitude toward your family.
We awaken in others the same attitude of mind we hold toward them.
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. That little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.
Ability is what youre capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
The last of human freedoms - the ability to chose ones attitude in a given set of circumstances.
Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill.
Being black is not a matter of pigmentation - being black is a reflection of a mental attitude.
People in tough times - it doesnt mean they dont have a great attitude.
A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.
Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.
If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life.
Ive reached a point in my life where its the little things that matter... I was always a rebel and probably could have got much farther had I changed my attitude. But when you think about it, I got pretty far without changing attitudes. Im happier with that.
Fairness is not an attitude. Its a professional skill that must be developed and exercised.
I think whether youre having setbacks or not, the role of a leader is to always display a winning attitude.
Be sure what you want and be sure about yourself. Fashion is not just beauty, its about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Hitler and Mussolini were only the primary spokesmen for the attitude of domination and craving for power that are in the heart of almost everyone. Until the source is cleared, there will always be confusion and hate, wars and class antagonisms.
There must be something solemn, serious, and tender about any attitude which we denominate religious. If glad, it must not grin or snicker if sad, it must not scream or curse.
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect.
A positive attitude is not going to save you. What its going to do is, everyday, between now and the day you die, whether thats a short time from now or a long time from now, that every day, youre going to actually live.
Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet.
Black Consciousness is an attitude of the mind and a way of life, the most positive call to emanate from the black world for a long time.
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a persons day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.
We submit to the majority because we have to. But we are not compelled to call our attitude of subjection a posture of respect.
The winners edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winners edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success.
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to todays standards.
Todays students can put dope in their veins or hope in their brains. If they can conceive it and believe it, they can achieve it. They must know it is not their aptitude but their attitude that will determine their altitude.
I think a lot of times we dont pay enough attention to people with a positive attitude because we assume they are naive or stupid or unschooled.
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
Chaotic people often have chaotic lives, and I think they create that. But if you try and have an inner peace and a positive attitude, I think you attract that.
I am Classic Rock Revisited. I revisit it every waking moment of my life because it has the spirit and the attitude and the fire and the middle finger. I am Rosa Parks with a Gibson guitar.
And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but how we react to what happens, not by what life brings us but the attitude we bring to life.
Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think its looks, most women know otherwise.
I am responsible. Although I may not be able to prevent the worst from happening, I am responsible for my attitude toward the inevitable misfortunes that darken life.
No rational argument will have a rational effect on a man who does not want to adopt a rational attitude.
When I was a child I asked my mother what homosexuality was about and she said - and this was 100 years ago in Germany and she was very open-minded - Its like hair color. Its nothing. Some people are blond and some people have dark hair. Its not a subject. This was a very healthy attitude.
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
Obama does not represent America. Nor does he represent anything what our forefathers stood for. This country is basically built on an attitude. Its a way of life. Its not because youre born here. Its not that youre supposed to take from those who have and give to those who havent. That kills a country. It killed Russia.
Stop this attitude that older people aint any good anymore! Were as good as we ever were - if we ever were any good.
My attitude to peace is rather based on the Burmese definition of peace - it really means removing all the negative factors that destroy peace in this world. So peace does not mean just putting an end to violence or to war, but to all other factors that threaten peace, such as discrimination, such as inequality, poverty.
Your attitude is like a box of crayons that color your world. Constantly color your picture gray, and your picture will always be bleak. Try adding some bright colors to the picture by including humor, and your picture begins to lighten up.
Crime is terribly revealing. Try and vary your methods as you will, your tastes, your habits, your attitude of mind, and your soul is revealed by your actions.
Some people say I have attitude - maybe I do... but I think you have to. You have to believe in yourself when no one else does - that makes you a winner right there.
The minute you try to talk business with him he takes the attitude that he is a gentleman and a scholar, and the moment you try to approach him on the level of his moral integrity he starts to talk business.
Stiletto, I look at it more as an attitude as opposed to a high-heeled shoe.
If somebody says no to you, or if you get cut, Michael Jordan was cut his first year, but he came back and he was the best ever. That is what you have to have. The attitude that Im going to show everybody, Im going to work hard to get better and better.
When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic.
What matters to me is that I do what I think is right and I see, Im a numbers guy, thats my attitude. I know we have a debt tsunami coming, we are bankrupting this country and Im in a position where I can actually advance ideas to prevent that from happening. Thats exactly what I should be doing.
I developed a nutty attitude where Id think, If some guy really loves me he doesnt care if Im fat. Id come up with all these stupid reasons why it would be OK to be fat.
Really you just gotta keep chugging along and keep a positive attitude and get through all the problems. You gotta face them, otherwise you dont get through.
Solidarity is an attitude of resistance, I suppose, or it should be.
Theres always the motivation of wanting to win. Everybody has that. But a champion needs, in his attitude, a motivation above and beyond winning.
Americans are the most generous country on the planet. Ive worked in Europe, Ive worked in Australia. There is no where else where you get absolutely no attitude for being a foreigner. If you do your job well, they embrace you.
When I go to the clinic next and sit with a tube in my arm and watch the poison go in, Im in an attitude of abject passivity. It doesnt feel like fighting at all it just feels like submitting.
Our judgments judge us, and nothing reveals us, exposes our weaknesses, more ingeniously than the attitude of pronouncing upon our fellows.
Pessimism only describes an attitude, and not facts, and hence is entirely subjective.
I was kicked out of school because of my attitude. I was not assimilating. So I went to work, taking any jobs I could get.
A lot of times I find that people who are blessed with the most talent dont ever develop that attitude, and the ones who arent blessed in that way are the most competitive and have the biggest heart.
So long as youve got your friends about you, and a good positive attitude, you dont really have to care what everyone else thinks.
I separated from the Southern Baptists when they adopted the discriminatory attitude towards women, because I believe what Paul taught in Galatians that there is no distinction in Gods eyes between men and women, slaves and masters, Jews and non-Jews - everybody is created equally in the eyes of God.
My attitude toward men who mess around is simple: If you find em, kill em.
Prayer is talking with God. God knows your heart and is not so concerned with your words as He is with the attitude of your heart.
You cant study comedy its within you. Its a personality. My humor is an attitude.
You call to a dog and a dog will break its neck to get to you. Dogs just want to please. Call to a cat and its attitude is, Whats in it for me?
The compulsion to do good is an innate American trait. Only North Americans seem to believe that they always should, may, and actually can choose somebody with whom to share their blessings. Ultimately this attitude leads to bombing people into the acceptance of gifts.
I keep guitars that are, you know, the necks a little bit bent and its a little bit out of tune. I want to work and battle it and conquer it and make it express whatever attitude I have at that moment. I want it to be a struggle.
Most of my arguments with musicians through the years have had more to do with their attitude about music, or their attitude about their own lives, or their personal responsibility. Music has never really been the big centerpiece of the fight.
I love everybody. One of the great things about me is that I have a very positive attitude.
Mankinds true moral test, its fundamental test (which lies deeply buried from view), consists of its attitude towards those who are at its mercy: animals. And in this respect mankind has suffered a fundamental debacle, a debacle so fundamental that all others stem from it.
Its sort of a mental attitude about critical thinking and curiosity. Its about mindset of looking at the world in a playful and curious and creative way.
Punk was defined by an attitude rather than a musical style.
Its a fundamental, social attitude that the 1% supports symphonies and operas and doesnt support Johnny learning to program hip-hop beats. When I put it like that, it sounds like, Well, yeah, but you start to think, Why not, though? What makes one more valuable than another?
I think people feel threatened by homosexuality. The problem isnt about gay people, the problem is about the attitude towards gay people. People think that all gays are Hannibal Lecters. But gay people are sons and daughters, politicians and doctors, American heroes and daughters of American heroes.
I have this theory that, depending on your attitude, your life doesnt have to become this ridiculous charade that it seems so many people end up living.
It was just like a dream. I could have ended up with an album thats not all that different from anything else coming out of Nashville. Mutt made the difference. He took these songs, my attitude, my creativity, and colored them in a way that is unique.
I look at Jagger and the like and if I see a good attitude Ill admire it but I wouldnt copy their style.
My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never.
Todays youth are told to get rich or die trying and they really shouldnt take that attitude forward with them.
The purely agitational attitude is not good enough for a detailed consideration of a subject.
Not every religion has to have St. Augustines attitude to sex. Why even in our culture marriages are celebrated in a church, everyone present knows what is going to happen that night, but that doesnt prevent it being a religious ceremony.
Never refuse an assignment except when there is a conflict of interest, a potential of danger to you or your family, or you hold a strongly biased attitude about the subject under focus.
We can revolutionize the attitude of inner city brown and black kids to learning. We need a civil rights movement within the African-American community.
Its a question of keeping ones eyes and ears open and watching how other people play the game. Theyre watching me too, to see what my attitude is like.
Yes, were still five little people with a noisy attitude.
In individual industries where female labour pays an important role, any movement advocating better wages, shorter working hours, etc., would not be doomed from the start because of the attitude of those women workers who are not organized.
On Van Halen, I was a young punk, and everything revolved around the fastest kid in town, gunslinger attitude. But Id say that at the time of Fair Warning, I started concentrating more on songwriting. But I guess in most peoples minds Im just a gunslinger.
Design is about point of view, and there should be some sort of woman or lifestyle or attitude in ones head as a designer.
Liberalism is an attitude rather than a set of dogmas - an attitude that insists upon questioning all plausible and self-evident propositions, seeking not to reject them but to find out what evidence there is to support them rather than their possible alternatives.
The Dolls were an attitude. If nothing else they were a great attitude.
I was impressed by Hendrix. His attitude was brilliant. Even the way he walked was amazing.
The best way to inspire people to superior performance is to convince them by everything you do and by your everyday attitude that you are wholeheartedly supporting them.
I think its your mental attitude. So many of us start dreading age in high school and thats a waste of a lovely life. Oh... Im 30, oh, Im 40, oh, 50. Make the most of it.
The attitude that nature is chaotic and that the artist puts order into it is a very absurd point of view, I think. All that we can hope for is to put some order into ourselves.
Britishness is just a way of putting things together and a certain dont care attitude about clothes. You dont care, you just do it and it looks great.
It remains to consider what attitude thoughtful men and Christian believers should take respecting them, and how they stand related to beliefs of another order.
Surfers have the most attitude.
Ive never run into a guy who could win at the top level in anything today and didnt have the right attitude, didnt give it everything he had, at least while he was doing it wasnt prepared and didnt have the whole program worked out.
Thats what I love from metal, and thats what I love from hip-hop. Thats what I love from any music thats hard, thats got an edge to it-The attitude in it.
That attitude that fighting is probably not fair, but you have to defend yourself anyway and damage the enemy, has been profoundly consequential as far as my political activism goes.
Seek out that particular mental attribute which makes you feel most deeply and vitally alive, along with which comes the inner voice which says, This is the real me, and when you have found that attitude, follow it.
People think, Shes a model. She must have such an attitude. She must be so stuck up. But Im normal. I cry. Im not rich. I drive a 1987 Chevrolet Celebrity.
My grandfather was a man, when he talked about freedom, his attitude was really interesting. His view was that you had obligations or you had responsibilities, and when you fulfilled those obligations or responsibilities, that then gave you the liberty to do other things.
I think failure is nothing more than lifes way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating. Most people attach failure to something not working out or how people perceive you. This way, it is about answering to yourself.
Part of our western outlook stems from the scientific attitude and its method of isolating the parts of a phenomenon in order to analyze them.
There is a single thread of attitude, a single direction of flow, that joins our present time to its early burgeoning in Mediterranean civilization.
We live in a country that used to have a can-do attitude, and now we have a what-can-you-do-for-me? attitude, and what I try to do is find ways that we can develop common ground.
Could we change our attitude, we should not only see life differently, but life itself would come to be different.
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight.
An attitude to life which seeks fulfillment in the single-minded pursuit of wealth - in short, materialism - does not fit into this world, because it contains within itself no limiting principle, while the environment in which it is placed is strictly limited.
You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it.
What was past was past. I suppose that was the general attitude.
Iraq is just a symbol of the attitude of western democracies to the rest of the world.
I dont mean this in a stuck-up way, but I needed an attitude song.
I met my grandfather just before he died, and it was the first time that I had seen Dad with a relative of his. It was interesting to see my own father as a son and the body language and alteration in attitude that comes with that, and it sort of changed our relationship for the better.
I dont think its a good attitude in your life to feel that you have to be rich to have self-esteem.
All we need, really, is a change from a near frigid to a tropical attitude of mind.
An aristocratic culture does not advertise its emotions. In its forms of expression it is sober and reserved. Its general attitude is stoic.
I was impressed by Hendrix. Not so much by his playing, as his attitude - he wasnt a great player, but everything else about him was brilliant.
Attitude is attitude, whether youre a West Coast gangster or East Coast gangster, you know?
You know, I always say white is not a colour, white is an attitude, and if you havent got trillions of dollars in the bank that you dont need, you cant be white.
Being a part of SKECHERS is exciting. It is such a hip company with a great attitude and image.
It is precisely the purpose of the public opinion generated by the press to make the public incapable of judging, to insinuate into it the attitude of someone irresponsible, uninformed.
Coaches will eventually notice a great attitude, and they respect that.
The novelist teaches the reader to comprehend the world as a question. There is wisdom and tolerance in that attitude. In a world built on sacrosanct certainties the novel is dead.
No ones going to be able to operate without a grounding in the basic sciences. Language would be helpful, although English is becoming increasingly international. And travel. You have to have a global attitude.
My second husband believed I had such a fickle attitude to friendship that each Friday he would update the list of my Top Ten friends in the manner of a Top Of The Pops chart countdown.
If you can kill animals, the same attitude can kill human beings. The mentality is the same which exploits nature and which creates wars.
My attitude is, do as much as I can while Im free. And if Im arrested Ill still do as much as I can.
There are a lot of movies Id like to throw away. Thats not to say that I went in with that attitude. Any film I ever started, I went in with all the hope and best intentions in the world, but some films just dont work.
By making a comeback, Im changing the attitude of people toward me. If Id known that people would react so enthusiastically, Id have done it years ago.
Today, I think the attitude is that governing is not necessarily good politics, and the result is that its much more partisan and much more divided.
That terms definitely got a negative aura to it, because people think a diva is somebody with an attitude who demands things all the time. Of course there is that type of diva, but my idea of a diva has always been a singer - whether male or female - who gets on that stage and captivates you with their presence and their voice.
Oh, I dont think Tom Sowell would tell anybody to join the administration. Thats not his style. But I think his attitude has always been if it had to be done hed prefer me to do it than somebody else.
The Senator from Massachusetts has given us ample grounds to doubt the judgment and the attitude he brings to bear on vital issues of national security.
I perfectly understood President Obamas attitude throughout the French presidential campaign. He had no reason to distance himself from Nicolas Sarkozy. Its the basic solidarity that leaders who worked together owe to each other.
I think it has something to do with being British. We dont take ourselves as seriously as some other countries do. I think a lot of people take themselves far too seriously I find that a very tedious attitude.
I failed the LSAT. Basically, if I had not failed, Id have been a lawyer and there would be no Spanx. I think failure is nothing more than lifes way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating.
My attitude to writing is like when you do wallpapering, you remember where all the little bits are that dont meet. And then your friends say: Its terrific!
Liberalism is a really old British tradition and it has a completely different attitude towards the individual and the relationship between the individual and the state than the collectivist response of Labour, and particularly Old Labour, does.
Ive always had a Work hard, play hard attitude to life - I still do - but sometimes you get involved in something that needs a calm, methodical approach.
Ive always considered myself to be fiercely patriotic. I love Britain - its history and the down-to-earth attitude people have.
There is a brief moment when all there is in a mans mind and soul and spirit is reflected through his eyes, his hands, his attitude. This is the moment to record.
I was fortunate to play for Pete Rose and have teammates like Ken Griffey Sr., Tony Perez and Dave Concepcion. I grew up in the game with a mature attitude. Ive always known it was better to be seen and not heard.
Ive never been out with any of the cast of Coronation Street. Were all very close friends so its very much a professional attitude.
Nothing. Were all friends and friendly. So when the cameras go down, depending on the mood or the nature of the material were dealing with, theres usually a kind of a prevailing light attitude thats floating around.
I will keep smiling, be positive and never give up! I will give 100 percent each time I play. These are always my goals and my attitude.
Im taking a bit of a wait-and-see attitude towards 3D.
My father instilled in me the attitude of prevailing. If theres a challenge, go for it. If theres a wall to break down, break it down.
Just as the left has to be more willing to question Government knows best, the right has to rethink its laissez-faire attitude toward government.
The attitude of insolent haughtiness is characteristic of the relationships Americans form with what is alien to them, with others.
Although as a sailor I despised politics - for I loved my sailors life and still love it today - conditions forced me to take up a definite attitude towards political problems.
How do you nurture a positive attitude when all the statistics say youre a dead man? You go to work.
The pilot looked at his cues of attitude and speed and orientation and so on and responded as he would from the same cues in an airplane, but there was no way it flew the same. The simulators had showed us that.
It was my father who instilled the never say no attitude I carry around with me today, and who instilled in me a sense of wonder, always taking us on adventures in the car, never telling us the destination.
I went to England in the 70s, and I was in my early 20s. There was still a residue of that era of being an underclass or colonial. I assume it must have been a more aggressive and prominent attitude 40 years before that, because Australia internationally wasnt regarded as having much cultural value. We were a country full of sheep and convicts.
For a writer only one form of patriotism exists: his attitude toward language.
Gardening is not trivial. If you believe that it is, closely examine why you feel that way. You may discover that this attitude has been forced upon you by mass media and the crass culture it creates and maintains. The fact is, gardening is just the opposite - it is, or should be, a central, basic expression of human life.
Becoming an author changes your attitude too. Once you see where books come from, and how theyre made, they never seem quite as sacred again.
I was bringing my attitude as a regular person cause this is my attitude.
If you can attribute your success entirely to your own mental effort, to your own attitude, to some spiritual essence that you have that is better than other peoples, then that must feel pretty good.
I fell in love with Erica Kane the summer before my freshman year of high school. Like all red-blooded teen American boys, Id come home from water polo practice and eat a box of Entenmanns PopEms donut holes in front of the TV while obsessively fawning over All My Children and Erica, her clothes, and her narcissistic attitude.
Films for TV have to be much closer to the book, mainly because the objective with a TV movie that translates literature is to get the audience, after seeing this version, to pick up the book and read it themselves. My attitude is that TV can never really be any form of art, because it serves audience expectations.
You cant beat the beehive for glam punkette attitude.
I havent seen Clones, which has been during this period when I havent seen much of anything, but I did see Phantom Menace, and see my feelings about it - see, first of all, I think that when you make a lot of movies, your attitude about the movies changes.
My attitude is always one of sensuality, aggressive enthusiasm and a kind of outrageousness in my expression.
Epic poetry exhibits life in some great symbolic attitude. It cannot strictly be said to symbolize life itself, but always some manner of life.
When you retire, its a place in life, a part of the journey. You just dont quit work you develop an attitude where you can do what you please.
When a parent shows up with an attitude of entitlement, understand that under it is a boatload of anxiety.
What reader wants to be told what attitude to strike?
My denial and irresponsible attitude about asthma put me at great risk and caused me so much needless suffering. My hope is that the kids I talk to learn to open up about their asthma, become educated about their condition, and seek help.
Woman must have her freedom, the fundamental freedom of choosing whether or not she will be a mother and how many children she will have. Regardless of what mans attitude may be, that problem is hers - and before it can be his, it is hers alone.
Even as a little child, Ive always had that comedian kind of attitude.
I mean, the shoe - there is a music to it, there is attitude, there is sound, its a movement. Clothes - its a different story. There are a million things Id rather do before designing clothes: directing, landscaping.
In just the same way the thousands of successive positions of a runner are contracted into one sole symbolic attitude, which our eye perceives, which art reproduces, and which becomes for everyone the image of a man who runs.
In the late 70s, maybe just before I started, there was still an attitude that if you did film you didnt do TV and vice versa, but thats gone now.
I cannot say that the attitude of the United Nations always is for the Israeli attitude. Israel, I think, has been under severe attacks by members of the United Nations many times.
I love her attitude, but as much as Id like to bring my medals to a speech or appearance, I never do.
We must advertise to U.S. business that we are there, that our attitude has changed, and that we care. When we are asked to help, we have to perform and provide the right advice.
The American attitude towards efficiency and execution should always underlie architecture.
I have such an extreme attitude about work, where I can just completely be derelict of my responsibilities and then when I am not derelict, I am completely indulged in it. I swing pretty wildly from the two extremes.
I have a political attitude, but Im certainly not a politician.
I think my attitude to human beings has changed since leaving prison.
I went to the Performing Arts School and studied classical ballet. That attitude is something thats put into your head. You are never thin enough.
I have always detested any departure from reality, an attitude which I relate to my mothers poor mental health.
With just about every player in Australia, his whole goal and ambition is to play for Australia. Thats why theyre playing first class cricket. Its just a different attitude.
Right after Raymond I had a world-is-my-oyster attitude, but I found out I dont like oysters. I had this existential emptiness. What is my purpose? Who am I? I had a big identity crisis.
What sculptors do is represent the essence of gesture. What is important in mime is attitude.
It really was hand-to-mouth and you can say, Poor little me, how dreadful, what a deprived childhood, but I didnt feel that way at all. Its all about the attitude at home.
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to todays standards.
You know whats funny to me? Attitude.
The characteristic political attitude of today is not one of positive belief, but of despair.
If you cant change your fate, change your attitude.
Mainly what I learned from Buddy... was an attitude. He loved music, and he taught me that it shouldnt have any barriers to it.
I think fun is an important part of the entertainment industry, and it should be. Anybody whos not incorporating some of that into their work needs to take a break, go away, and have an attitude adjustment.
I have played on many teams throughout my career, and I know when a team has the tools, and the right positive attitude towards winning.
Vampires are so old that they dont need to impress anyone anymore. Theyre comfortable in their own skin. Its this enigmatic strength thats very romantic and old-fashioned. I think it goes back to something of a Victorian attitude of finding a strong man whos going to look after his woman.
What I wish I had, is that I wish I was a little more Greek, in that I wish I could lose my North American driven attitude and that I could be a little bit more poetic and laissez faire.
I was always the guy getting kicked out of my classes at school for having an attitude problem.
And I tell you, having girls has made me a much better man. I have friends who are fathers, but they only have boys, and they have the same attitude toward women they always had, you know? And I dont play that... My girls, you mess with them? I will bury you underground.
Style is a reflection of your attitude and your personality.
If a person can be said to have the wrong attitude, there is no need to pay attention to his arguments.
The attitude is we live and let live. This is actually an amazing change in values in a rather short time and its an example of freedom from religion.
Not to discriminate every moment some passionate attitude in those about us, and in the very brilliancy of their gifts some tragic dividing on their ways, is, on this short day of frost and sun, to sleep before evening.
Players should know that if you cant make the contribution of the winning shot, that your attitude every day when you come to practice, or the positive contribution you make through cheering and keeping up team morale, is just as important in the overall picture.
Its not the style that motivates me, as much as an attitude of openness that I have when I go into a project.
The place of chess in the society is closely related to the attitude of young people towards our game.
We assume that weve come so far as compassionate citizens of the world if we do choose to read the news, yet the attitude towards life can be one where we put blinders on and forget that there are civil wars going on. Its easy to forget that there are so many people starving to death every single day.
The jokes are great but what really matters for a comedian is his performance, his whole attitude, and the laughs that he gets between the jokes rather than on top of the jokes.
There were a few teachers who just did not like me because of my face. Once, I was told to stand in the corner until I cheered up. The attitude was, Oh, for Gods sake, whats the matter with him? But its just a natural expression.
Im just part of a tradition of people who arent pleased. I would never think anyone else who has the same attitude was getting it from me. Id just think theyre... sensible.
The key to life is your attitude. Whether youre single or married or have kids or dont have kids, its how you look at your life, what you make of it. Its about making the best of your life wherever you are in life.
If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor.
When a woman puts on a heel, she has a different posture, a different attitude. She really stands up and has a consciousness of her body.
Whenever Im having a bad day and have an attitude, I stay home. I keep it at home.
You dont have to have an attitude if youre famous.
I need that aggressive attitude to play my music and more men have that attitude than women.
But Jesus changes your attitude towards yourself and towards other people.
But I think bands that rolled in with a big attitude, like they were some big deal, I just found that very strange.
What irritates me is the bland way people go around saying, Oh, our attitude has changed. We dont dislike these people any more. But by the strangest coincidence, they havent taken away the injustice the laws are still on the books.
There is definitely something sexy about a girl with an attitude and a pair of leather pants.
The phenomenon of home schooling is a wonderful example of the American can-do attitude. Growing numbers of parents have become disenchanted with government-run public schools. Many parents have simply taken matters into their own hands, literally.
Regardless of what ones attitude towards prohibition may be, temperance is something against which, at a time of war, no reasonable protest can be made.
At home in Ireland, theres a habit of avoidance, an ironical attitude towards the authority figure.
Even if people do wrong, were social animals, so what can we do about stopping them doing the same things in future? Saying people are bad or evil is just an unwillingness to engage an unwillingness to try to empathise. That sanctimonious attitude doesnt help anyone.
People have often asked if Im gay because I dont go out of my way to spit and scratch and give people attitude.
I dont return anybodys calls unless its going to mean extra money for me. And Ive completely cut off all relationships with any friends that I had before the show. And Ive copped an attitude.
A positive attitude is something everyone can work on, and everyone can learn how to employ it.
My feelings about my mortality are less selfish than they used to be. I used to affect a cavalier attitude to death now I see it from my sons perspective.
The U.S. tries to provide immigrants who grow up here with a world-class education and imbue them with the can-do attitude that has long defined American innovation.
The attitude of independence toward a constructed language which all national speakers must adopt is really a great advantage, because it tends to make man see himself as the master of language instead of its obedient servant.
I feel like I have as good a shot as anybody out there and I have gotten close in the past, so why not have the attitude that I can come out and play great tennis and maybe even win this tournament.
Art is the child of Nature yes, her darling child, in whom we trace the features of the mothers face, her aspect and her attitude.
I just think that people take me a little more seriously as a brunette. I dont know if thats just because of a societal preconceived notion that all blondes are stupid, but its a different kind of attitude.
I came back to performing with a different attitude about performing and myself. I wasnt expecting perfection any more, just hoping for an occasional inspiration.
The purely agitation attitude is not good enough for a detailed consideration of a subject.
Animals have a much better attitude to life and death than we do. They know when their time has come. We are the ones that suffer when they pass, but its a healing kind of grief that enables us to deal with other griefs that are not so easy to grab hold of.
Only one thing can conquer war - that attitude of mind which can see nothing in war but destruction and annihilation.
Its not too good to have this attitude in F1. It could be a disadvantage.
I just really think every job I do, I get this gypsy attitude to money.
My personal view is that such total planning by the state is an absolute good and not simply a relative good... I do not myself think of the attitude I take as deriving from Marx - though this undoubtedly will be suggested - but from Fichte and Hegel.
Theres a punk-rock attitude, clearly, to Hated. Theres even a punk-rock attitude to The Hangover, I think. We start the movie with a Glenn Danzig song.
The American attitude is Were the best. Thats why the NBA guys who come from other countries, the Europeans, all sort of stick together away from the game.
The problem was just a mean attitude that festers and has to be challenged.
Im not anti-fashion, but Ive always had a bit of a punk attitude. Thats important, I think. I do my own thing.
To so enter into it in nature and art that the enjoyed meanings of life may become a part of living is the attitude of aesthetic appreciation.
The traditional Christian attitude toward human personality was that human nature was essentially good and that it was formed and modified by social pressures and training.
My parents have a strong work ethic, but their attitude to life, their philosophy, is: whatever makes you happy.
Bob Altman had this relaxed but serious attitude. Everybody loved him. I wanted him to adopt me.
The pool is terrible, but that doesnt have much to do with my record swims. Thats all mental attitude.
Fame can be just so annoying because people are so critical of you. You cant just say, hi. You say hi and people whisper man did you see the way she said hi? What an attitude.
My dad instilled in me a great sense of humor. I wasnt bullied at school because my outward attitude was confident, and that helps.
The attitude and capacity of the factory, the old metal table and the new ideas of the wooden furniture quickly and naturally suggested the possibility of metal furniture.
You can measure a programmers perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing vitality of FORTRAN.
Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs. Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do.
It goes without saying that the Jewish people can have no other goal than Palestine and that, whatever the fate of the proposition may be, our attitude toward the land of our fathers is and shall remain unchangeable.
That attitude toward women as objects may have worked for the late Sixties, but it doesnt do so now.
The time I spent thinking about how I was better than somebody else or worrying about somebody elses attitude was time I could put to better use.
I really believe you can predict when someone has a great attitude, a real well of talent.
It is impossible to exaggerate the wide, and widening, gulf between the American attitude on the Iraq war and the view from our friends across the Atlantic.
As a team, you need to come from behind every once in awhile just to do it. Good for the attitude. It makes it exciting. And when everybody knows you have to throw it... that makes it fun too.
I hope The Voice has a fifteen-year run, dont get me wrong. But I come from nothing, and maybe its the Irish in me, but my attitude is always like, Theyll figure me out soon.
Time plays a role in almost every decision. And some decisions define your attitude about time.
UFOs attitude toward the subject is very similar to mine. Its not an advocacy its philosophy is more I want to believe this, but I want it proved.
The music is first and foremost everything - no egos, no attitude, nothing - its about the music.
But having said that, theres also a sea change in attitude towards media.
In the West, you have always associated the Islamic faith 100 percent with Arab culture. This in itself is a fundamentalist attitude and it is mistaken.
Jazz in itself is not struggling. That is, the music itself is not struggling... Its the attitude thats in trouble. My plays insist that we should not forget or toss away our history.
As the time goes by, you change, your learn new things, your attitude is different. For the moment, Im still enjoying ski racing so much that it would be difficult for me to think about ending my career.
My attitude on skis is different now. I have learned to put less pressure on myself and on the edges of my skis when Im racing, to be keep myself more under control.
Our attitude is that we want to cross over. You cant go on making records just for your own hometown.
I do not share the half-in, half-out attitude to the EU of some in Britain. Britains place is in Europe.
I think that the U.S. does have this very much more open attitude, and I admire it very much and I think its very important to the world. But the information and the discussion sometimes come too late, after the effective decision has been made.
The Stones are a different kind of group. I realized that when I joined them. Its not really so much their musical ability, its just they have a certain kind of style and attitude which is unique.
Even with, or perhaps, because of, this background, I have over the past few years sensed a very dramatic change in attitude on the part of Prince Edward Islanders towards the on-going rush for so-called modernization.
If youre looking for can-do, earthy-crunchy attitude then youve got to go to Wisconsin.
When I was in my 20s it did occur to me that there was something perverted about an attitude that thought that killing somebody was a minor offence compared to kissing somebody.
You can have a laugh in Los Angeles, or you can weep in Los Angeles, depending on your attitude towards it.
People are patronizing the theatres with renewed enthusiasm - there is an entire picnic-like attitude when families go out to see movies, which is a very good sign. They want to see larger-than-life characters on the big screen and not just watch movies on television or on DVDs.
I just want to go in with the right attitude and from Day 1 make a difference.
The theatre only knows what its doing next week, not like the opera, where they say: What are we going to do in five years time? A completely different attitude.
Im not a music lover in the sense that I look for something to have on. Ive never had that attitude to music.
I think one of the things that language poets are very involved with is getting away from conventional ideas of beauty, because those ideas contain a certain attitude toward women, certain attitudes toward sex, certain attitudes toward race, etc.
When you Google me, youll find a lot of people dont like Richard Dreyfuss. Because Im cocky and I present a cocky attitude. But no one has ever disagreed with the notion I represent, that we need more civic education. So far theres 100 percent support for that.
My mother, she had a very good attitude toward money. Im very grateful for the fact that we had to learn to save. I used to get like 50 pence a week, and Id save it for like five months. And then Id spend it on Christmas presents. Id save up like eight pounds. Its nothing, but we did that.
Too many people say to their brokers, I cant deal with this. Take my money. Do what you want. Thats the worst attitude you can have.
If philosophy is practice, a demand to know the manner in which its history is to be studied is entailed: a theoretical attitude toward it becomes real only in the living appropriation of its contents from the texts.
I am shocked by the easy attitude of many in the media towards disclosing our Nations secrets.
I always give Lindsay so much credit for her tennis game, for her attitude, for her person, and because of how she deals with all the things. I dont think people give her enough credit for how well shes doing.
I dont know that I have any role models now that are fixed. Definitely my mom - shes the coolest. Shes worked really hard her whole life and I just think shes got a great attitude. Moms just know so much its so silly.
Its tricky. Ive never been standing at the top of the tree with tons of money thrown at me. Ive never really had a profile. So in a way I have this nothing to lose attitude.
Lead singers not only do the majority of the work, but their personalities are singled out and taken as the general attitude of the unit.
Its better for me to play with guys because Rock n Roll has such an aggressive attitude.
I think Nina Simone has had an amazing journey. She was spicy and she had attitude and she didnt care, she wanted her money in a paper bag and dont mess with me and Ive been doing some research on that so.
I kind of resent this attitude of men that we somehow must always look good.
Bambi cant act. Bambi had major attitude.
Im a big fan of Courtney Love. I love Hole and I love her acting and I love her attitude. I just hope I never meet her in a dark alley.
I do support a sex-positive attitude for young people. Use condoms, thats important. I love the idea that promiscuity can be healthy but its got some dodgy crevasses. Ooh, thats a bad reference! But its got some dangerous cavities there. You know what Im saying.
The war changed everybodys attitude. We became international almost overnight.
As I wrote, I found that Aibileen had some things to say that really werent in her character. She was older, soft-spoken, and she started showing some attitude.
I like England more than I did when I left. Its become a bit of a better country in the last ten years, in the attitude of it. A bit more Americanized, which is both good and bad. At least when you order a cup of coffee they dont give you a hard time.
What a stupid attitude we have in this country to personal stories.
I have a Woody Allen Jewish attitude to life: that its all going to be disastrous. That it hasnt all been that way is simply down to some random quirk of fate.
My attitude toward graduate students was different, I must say. I used graduate students as colleagues: I gave them the best problems to work on, and I encouraged them.
Tommie Aaron taught me how to have a good attitude, to be easy going and not get uptight.
In aid, the proper attitude is one omitting gratitude.
In Scotland over many years we have cultivated through our justice system what I hope can be described as a culture of compassion. On the other hand, there still exists in many parts of the U.S., if not nationally, an attitude towards the concept of justice which can only be described as a culture of vengeance.
Any time I need to get a serious attitude adjustment, I put on one of their records, and there are examples there for all time to keep us honest and keep us reaching theyll never be eclipsed.
I always had the attitude that I wanted to throw a no-hitter every game.
I like actors that are good with pantomime and that can transmit a lot by their presence and attitude more than through their dialogue.
Having a child makes you strong and gives you chutzpah. It relaxed my attitude to the job my center of focus shifted, which I think is very helpful, because even if youre not a very indulgent actor you spend a lot of time thinking about yourself. I dont think that is particularly healthy.
I always said punk was an attitude. It was never about having a Mohican haircut or wearing a ripped T-shirt. It was all about destruction, and the creative potential within that.
Sid Vicious began the age of participation in which everyone could be the artist. Sid proved that you dont have to play well to be the star. You can play badly, or not even at all. I endorsed that attitude. If you cant write songs, no problem - simply steal one and change it to your taste.
Abhorrence of apartheid is a moral attitude, not a policy.
Every baseball crowd, like every theatre audience, has its own distinctive attitude and atmosphere.
Football is my profession now. Im getting married in August... Its a new experience for me as someone just getting out of college. I still have the same attitude about football I always had. I play hard. I enjoy practice. Id rather be throwing in passing drills than sitting around and watching TV.
The attitude we have towards our personal pets as opposed to the animals that suffer under the factory farm is hypocritical and delusional.
Certain kinds of speed, flow, intensity, density of attacks, density of interaction... Music that concentrates on those qualities is, I think, easier achieved by free improvisation between people sharing a common attitude, a common language.
I saw Taxi Driver, and Taxi Driver kind of saved my life. The scene where Robert De Niro is looking at himself in the mirror saying, You talkin to me? You talkin to me? Who the hell else are you talkin to? Thats the scene that changed my life by changing my attitude about acting.
Ive always been a guy whos pretty supportive, its just my nature, so I came in to the situation with the attitude that I wanted to support Johnny and make it work.
I thought I was going to be killed. The casualties were so heavy, it was just a given. I learned to take each day, each mission, as it came. Thats an attitude Ive carried into my professional life. I take each case, each job, as it comes.
What has happened is that to some degree they have taken an attitude where they dont listen to demos of diverse subject matters. Theyre looking for demos like the record the guy on the left just did.
Here you do have forests, where pigs could be raised by letting them root about in the forests for a good part of the year. Therefore, you have a different attitude toward them compared with what continues to exist in the Middle East.
The attitude of physiological psychology to sensations and feelings, considered as psychical elements, is, naturally, the attitude of psychology at large.
This generation... they have a different attitude. Instead of sitting and watching something, they want to be a part of it - theyre very hedonistic and sensual.
We have become aware of the responsibility for our attitude towards the dark pages in our history. We have understood that bad service is done to the nation by those who are impelling to renounce that past.
But I do think that we approach music, in of itself, with a religious attitude.
I think that generally music should be a positive thing, I like Bob Marleys attitude: he said that his goal in life was to single handedly fight all the evil in the world with nothing but music, and when he went to a place he didnt go to play, he went to conquer.
In 1977, at least, he wished to have people believe that he shared and was proud of an attitude toward women that is not acceptable in a politician. In 2003, all he has said is that he doesnt remember the interview.
Youd like more people to recognise what you do is special. But I take the attitude that the best thing I can do for my sport is to be the best at it. The best way people will come to recognise that track and field is a great sport is to see athletes excelling at it. Which is what I intend to do.
So at a time in which the media give the public everything it wants and desires, maybe art should adopt a much more aggressive attitude towards the public. I myself am very much inclined to take this position.
Modern Orthodoxy has a highly positive attitude toward the State of Israel. Our Ultra-Orthodox brethren recognize only the Holy Land, but not the state.
I just try to try to keep an attitude that I dont know what Im doing. Not to the point where Im beating myself up, but I just go in thinking that I have a lot to learn. And I hope I still have that attitude 30 years from now.
Im not going to take this defeatist attitude and listen to all this crap any more from all these people who have nothing except doomsday to predict.
A series of rumors about my attitude, as well as derogatory remarks about myself and my family showed me that the personal resentment of the Detroit general manager toward me would make it impossible for me to continue playing hockey in Detroit.
Before Gangnam Style I was not a good attitude artist.
Women didnt want to be on the stage with other women because they didnt want their bodies to be compared. They didnt want another female act opening for them because of this weird competitive and tokenistic attitude.
Listen, whatever makes the movie better. Thats the attitude you have to have.
Reason is an action of the mind knowledge is a possession of the mind but faith is an attitude of the person. It means you are prepared to stake yourself on something being so.
Hardboiled crime fiction came of age in Black Mask magazine during the Twenties and Thirties. Writers like Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler learnt their craft and developed a distinct literary style and attitude toward the modern world.
I dont think people are fools, and I think they deserve a good attitude and smart entertainment.
Hollywoods a very weird place. I think theres less of everything except for attitude.
My agent says that Im a repeat business guy. If you hire me to come do a movie, Ill be on time, know all my material, be ready to go, have a good attitude. Im here to work, so I get hired over and over again by the same producers. If you just be a team player on set you can work so much more often.
What do you mean by faith? Is faith enough for Man? Should he be satisfied with faith alone? Is there no way of finding out the truth? Is the attitude of faith, of believing in something for which there can be no more than philosophic proof, the true mark of a Christian?
I still have a young attitude.
Elvis Costello had a brand new bag. He was a musician, but he knew all about the attitude part of it.
The world is full of musicians who can play great, and you wouldnt cross the road to see them. Its people who have this indefinable attitude that are the good ones.
After working for years in Hollywood where the actors have taken over, it was a real relief to get down there and not only have some children, but also have some actors that had no attitude.
When you are facing the wilderness on your own, you have a totally different attitude to someone who works in government or who has a monthly cheque.
If you take the contempt some Americans have for yuppies and multiply it by 10 you might come close to understanding their attitude towards the City, as they call it - London, the people of the south.
If you go on stage with the wrong attitude, or something in your performance is off, you can lose an audience in the first minute. That first minute is crucial.
We can do better in higher education. And it is more than just technology. Its also an attitude on the part of faculty. We need to think through how we can produce a better quality product at less cost.
In terms of work Ive always had a Bad Attitude in that I wont work anywhere which requires me to work strict hours or follow a dress code. I dont know if thats an Aspergers thing or not, I think its just being reasonable.
Attitude is your acceptance of the natural laws, or your rejection of the natural laws.
Look, everything that you experience as a kid is the foundation of how you are today. I was brought up in a working class family in Leeds and when it comes to money both my parents worked hard and instilled the same attitude into me.
With my talent, I can make people laugh and give them another attitude about life. What a blessing that is for me.
Acting is magical. Change your look and your attitude, and you can be anyone.
When I first left university, I thought about going into the private sector. But I discovered when I went to interview that I could only have a career in the back office, or doing HR. The attitude was, My dear lady, you cannot possibly think about going on the board.
It got very tedious saying the same jokes in the same way with the same attitude.
In regard to music, I just think that its always best to have an attitude of being a perpetual student and always look to learn something new about music, because theres always something new to learn.
Canadians tend to be a bit more religious than most Europeans - though not more than the Poles or Ukrainians. Most important, their attitude to immigration and ethnic minorities is more positive than that of most Europeans.
The townspeople outside the reservations had a very superior attitude toward Indians, which was kind of funny, because they werent very wealthy they were on the fringes of society themselves.
The money is in a different league these days, of course, but I have special memories of the 60s and 70s which players today dont have. There wasnt the same celebrity attitude and media exposure. We had a bit more freedom.
My attitude about Hollywood is that I wouldnt walk across the street to pull one of those executives out of the snow if he was bleeding to death. Not unless I was paid for it. None of them ever did me any favors.
All ideas come about through some sort of observation. It sparks an attitude some object or emotion causes a reaction in the other person.
There are a lot of female artists my age around at the moment, but theyre all American and blonde and blue-eyed and smiley. Im totally the opposite of that. I want to show a bit more attitude and I have an opinion.
I try and have a relaxed attitude and stay quite switched off until about an hour before kick-off.
I think it has other roots, has to do, in part, with a general anxiety in contemporary life... nuclear bombs, inequality of possibility and chance, inequality of goods allotted to us, a kind of general racist, unjust attitude that is pervasive.
There has been a change in attitude, though.
I want to work with kids and help develop them, show them the right way, the right morals and attitude into how to become a better footballer. Australia has many different cultures but Id like to bring in the indigenous style, bring their competitiveness, athleticism and raw ability into the frame.
There is no planning. On the night it is really great, its euphoria and if it is not so great there is always tomorrow night. That was his attitude.
My grandmother is this amazingly theatrical woman. She acted like a movie star, as far as looks and attitude, kind of like Susan Hayward.
If I dont make the team out of spring training, Ill keep a good attitude. Ill just go polish up the parts of my game that made me not stay in the big leagues.
If a site is done with pleasure and a fun attitude, its a great way to communicate with your fans.
I know a lot of Eastern Europeans, and because of what they have been through and what they have seen, they have an attitude where they are not easily fooled.
I always have one or two, sometimes more, Navajo or other tribes cultural elements in mind when I start a plot. In Thief of Time, I wanted to make readers aware of Navajo attitude toward the dead, respect for burial sites.
In the business world today, failure is apparently not an option. We need to change this attitude toward failure - and celebrate the idea that only by falling on our collective business faces do we learn enough to succeed down the road.
I came on to the film with a very happy-go-lucky attitude which I think my character, Charlie, did when she went into the house. I expected it to be good, and then slowly things started to change for us all.
I have the same attitude with work - I like to go to work, I like to work really hard I, like to give everything my all, I like to try things that are new, you know.
There does not seem to be that collegiality I referred to, there seems to be much more of a them versus us attitude, rather than we all have a role to play in this process so lets get on with it.
I will not get very far with this attitude.
Turkey wants a policy of engagement exactly like President Obamas new approach. Policy of engagement, less confrontation, less tense attitude, especially in the region.
I was entirely natural and in many ways I have the same attitude now. I dont mourn the loss of my youth because I believe you should enjoy what you have while you have it.
Our new attitude is how can we put you in front of our customer.
Unfortunately, the attitude of many towards the press, humanitarians included and especially government workers, is often one of suspicion, if not outright fear.
After the first miscarriage, I tried to take the attitude that it was my bodys way of telling me that this pregnancy wasnt meant to be.
Nobody minded what you did in bed or what you said about God, a very civilized attitude in 1948.
America won the Cold War by protecting our strategic resources from the threat of foreign control. We must bring the same attitude to our trade relationship with China.
Our spiritual attitude is determined by our conception of our relation to infinite spirit.
Its really interesting with art-movies too, but art especially - to see how your attitude toward artists and works and your level of appreciation of them is always shifting and changing over the years.
My opponents attitude is, If it moves, tax it, if it keeps moving, regulate it and when it stops, subsidize it.
The artist is not responsible to any one. His social role is asocial... his only responsibility consists in an attitude to the work he does.
Somehow, the greater the public opposition to the health care bill, the more determined they seem to force it on us anyway. Their attitude shows Washington at its very worst - the presumption that they know best, and theyre going to get their way whether the American people like it or not.
You know, who cares about seeing the girls when everybody wants to see the band. Thats whats important, KISS is important. I think we look great, and the attitude is there, and Im real happy with it.
Athletic competition clearly defines the unique power of our attitude.
Im going to try to enjoy the All-Star break, hope my players reflect on what happened the first half of the season, come back with a different attitude, try to find our solution on how to win it.
I wont say there arent any Harvard graduates who have never asserted a superior attitude. But they have done so to our great embarrassment and in no way represent the Harvard I know.
Its attitude, which it has preached and practiced, is skepticism. Now, it finds, the public is applying that skepticism to the press.
Each experience through which we pass operates ultimately for our good. This is a correct attitude to adopt and we must be able to see it in that light.
When I drank, I had a very different attitude towards my playing. It was sloppier but I kind of liked it that way. It was like the alcohol was telling my mind what to do.
I think were in good hands. Theres definitely much more momentum in bringing in good things to help support the show. Everyones got a good attitude about it and I think that makes all the difference.
That attitude does not exist so much today, but in those days there was a very sharp distinction between basic physics and applied physics. Columbia did not deal with applied physics.
My attitude towards drawing is not necessarily about drawing. Its about making the best kind of image I can make, its about talking as clearly as I can.
The attitude of the people proves that not only do we want to, but that we can succeed in pulling our country out of the difficult position it finds itself in. The banking system of our country will survive and grow.
Patton was living in the Dark Ages. Soldiers were peasants to him. I didnt like that attitude.
Hence, within the space of two generations there has been a complete revolution in the attitude of the trades-unions toward the women working in their trades.
Baders philosophy was my philosophy. His whole attitude to life was mine.
Americans have always had an ambivalent attitude toward intelligence. When they feel threatened, they want a lot of it, and when they dont, they regard the whole thing as somewhat immoral.
We will see that our new attitude toward liquor has been given to us without any thought or effort on our part. It just comes! That is the miracle of it.
If you eat something and get fat, you should be responsible for it. I think that is the attitude of the great majority of Americans, that you should be responsible for what you eat.
My deepest impulses are optimistic, an attitude that seems to me as spiritually necessary and proper as it is intellectually suspect.
I also had a mistaken attitude towards certain comrades.
I film quite a bit of footage, then edit. Changes before your eyes, things you can do and things you cant. My attitude is always let it keep rolling.
Global political conditions make a direct American intervention difficult, but President Reagans messianic and visceral attitude toward the Nicaraguan revolution could mean it will happen as an act of desperation.
Muslims have a very bad attitude to homosexuality, theyre very intolerant.
Mental attitude and concentration are the keys to pitching.
My first feeling about the paper and the attitude is that it is absurd.
A discipline I have observed is an attitude of love and reverence to people.
The attitude of the actor is his interpretation of what he reads, and the written word is what creates the role in the actors mind, and I guess in reading the things that were given to me, I reacted as you guys saw me, you know.
I cant believe the pro-choicers attitude toward unborn children-to me its the ultimate liberal cause, to defend those without a voice.
An attitude of philosophic doubt, of suspended judgment, is repugnant to the natural man. Belief is an independent joy to him.
Even when Im playing someone named Fat Amy, Im all about confidence and attitude.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
To love beauty is to see light.
Beauty is only skin deep. If you go after someone just because shes beautiful but dont have anything to talk about, its going to get boring fast. You want to look beyond the surface and see if you can have fun or if you have anything in common with this person.
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears.
People are like stained - glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives.
Of lifes two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborers hand.
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases it will never pass into nothingness.
Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror.
A beauty is a woman you notice a charmer is one who notices you.
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
Flowers... are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world.
She got her looks from her father. Hes a plastic surgeon.
Beauty and folly are old companions.
Rare is the union of beauty and purity.
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time.
The worlds biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman.
Beauty awakens the soul to act.
A witty woman is a treasure a witty beauty is a power.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever.
Beauty is all very well at first sight but who ever looks at it when it has been in the house three days?
Beauty has a lot to do with character.
There is no definition of beauty, but when you can see someones spirit coming through, something unexplainable, thats beautiful to me.
For me the greatest beauty always lies in the greatest clarity.
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul.
I define nothing. Not beauty, not patriotism. I take each thing as it is, without prior rules about what it should be.
Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.
I do not have much patience with a thing of beauty that must be explained to be understood. If it does need additional interpretation by someone other than the creator, then I question whether it has fulfilled its purpose.
I dont think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
Beauty is not caused. It is.
Beauty is truths smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
Beauty is everywhere a welcome guest.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
Dear God! how beauty varies in nature and art. In a woman the flesh must be like marble in a statue the marble must be like flesh.
Beauty doesnt need ornaments. Softness cant bear the weight of ornaments.
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
Let us live for the beauty of our own reality.
Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false.
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is Gods handwriting.
Beauty is the promise of happiness.
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
Imagination disposes of everything it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
A womens greatest asset is her beauty.
Beauty is indeed a good gift of God but that the good may not think it a great good, God dispenses it even to the wicked.
Beauty is power a smile is its sword.
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.
If you look closely at a tree youll notice its knots and dead branches, just like our bodies. What we learn is that beauty and imperfection go together wonderfully.
Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain.
Beauty is only temporary, but your mind lasts you a lifetime.
Beauty is a fragile gift.
Beauty saves. Beauty heals. Beauty motivates. Beauty unites. Beauty returns us to our origins, and here lies the ultimate act of saving, of healing, of overcoming dualism.
In every mans heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty.
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies.
I dont need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman.
I gave my beauty and my youth to men. I am going to give my wisdom and experience to animals.
The problem with beauty is that its like being born rich and getting poorer.
In youth and beauty, wisdom is but rare!
Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.
Having inner beauty is something you develop on your own, and I like to think I have that.
Beauty is less important than quality.
There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.
When virtue and modesty enlighten her charms, the lustre of a beautiful woman is brighter than the stars of heaven, and the influence of her power it is in vain to resist.
Beauty is variable, ugliness is constant.
Oliver Stone
The ideal beauty is a fugitive which is never found.
Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future.
Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?
No matter what a womans appearance may be, it will be used to undermine what she is saying and taken to individualize - as her personal problem - observations she makes about the beauty myth in society.
Vampires have always held a very seductive kind of lore and have always been some variety of attractive, whether its attractiveness thats born of just the physical attributes that they have - this kind of ethereal beauty or translucent pallor - or whether it is more to do with the way they carry themselves.
If you dont die of thirst, there are blessings in the desert. You can be pulled into limitlessness, which we all yearn for, or you can do the beauty of minutiae, the scrimshaw of tiny and precise. The sky is your ocean, and the crystal silence will uplift you like great gospel music, or Neil Young.
For what the horse does under compulsion, as Simon also observes, is done without understanding and there is no beauty in it either, any more than if one should whip and spur a dancer.
I might have some character traits that some might see as innocence or naive. Thats because I discovered peace and happiness in my soul. And with this knowledge, I also see the beauty of human life.
After all, it is the divinity within that makes the divinity without and I have been more fascinated by a woman of talent and intelligence, though deficient in personal charms, than I have been by the most regular beauty.
Do not try to push your way through to the front ranks of your profession do not run after distinctions and rewards but do your utmost to find an entry into the world of beauty.
All cities are mad: but the madness is gallant. All cities are beautiful: but the beauty is grim.
Whether you come from heaven or hell, what does it matter, O Beauty!
People think that if you look fairly reasonable, you cant possibly act, and as I only care about acting, I think beauty can be a great handicap.
Romance and novel paint beauty in colors more charming than nature, and describe a happiness that humans never taste. How deceptive and destructive are those pictures of consummate bliss!
Always think of what is useful and not what is beautiful. Beauty will come of its own accord.
Beauty, like ice, our footing does betray Who can tread sure on the smooth, slippery way: Pleased with the surface, we glide swiftly on, And see the dangers that we cannot shun.
Filipinos want beauty. I have to look beautiful so that the poor Filipinos will have a star to look at from their slums.
I have been overcome by the beauty and richness of our life together, those early mornings setting out, those evenings gleaming with rivers and lakes below us, still holding the last light.
I was always reading those beauty magazines and wanting to become this unattainable thing.
I love Rauschenberg. I love that he created a turning point in visual history, that he redefined the idea of beauty, that he combined painting, sculpture, photography, and everyday life with such gall, and that he was interested in, as he put it, the ability to conceive failure as progress.
Abstraction brings the world into more complex, variable relations it can extract beauty, alternative topographies, ugliness, and intense actualities from seeming nothingness.
In such ugly times, the only true protest is beauty.
During the 80s and 90s, we all became consumed with ourselves. In the 21st century, weve come back to simpler times. People are struggling economically and this has forced them to scale back the material aspects of their lives and realise the beauty of finding the simple joy in being with the people we love.
Beauty attracts us men but if, like an armed magnet it is pointed, beside, with gold and silver, it attracts with tenfold power.
So much has been said and sung of beautiful young girls, why doesnt somebody wake up to the beauty of old women.
In LA, where I live, its all about perfectionism. Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women.
Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women.
Beauty will be convulsive or will not be at all.
The pleasure we derive from the representation of the present is due, not only to the beauty it can be clothed in, but also to its essential quality of being the present.
This is the beauty of the Quran: it asks you to reflect and reason, and not to worship the sun or moon but the One who has created everything. The Quran asks man to reflect upon the sun and moon and Gods creation in general.
Poetry lifts the veil from the hidden beauty of the world, and makes familiar objects be as if they were not familiar.
Obscenity, which is ever blasphemy against the divine beauty in life, is a monster for which the corruption of society forever brings forth new food, which it devours in secret.
Everybody know, I dont do no promoting. I dont ever have to promote nothing, thats the beauty of Lil Wayne.
Whenever, at a party, I have been in the mood to study fools, I have always looked for a great beauty: they always gather round her like flies around a fruit stall.
The first show I ever did, singing and dancing, was Beauty and the Beast. I was playing Gaston. Gaston has red tights, knee high boots, and its very physical. I had headaches every day for two months.
A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever.
Beauty and brains, pleasure and usability - they should go hand in hand.
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, thats beautiful.
The key to education is the experience of beauty.
Blues and soul and jazz music has so much pain, so much beauty of raw emotion and passion.
Today I see beauty everywhere I go, in every face I see, in every single soul.
Aging has a wonderful beauty and we should have respect for that.
There are as many kinds of beauty as there are habitual ways of seeking happiness.
The study of beauty is a duel in which the artist cries with terror before being defeated.
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste.
Swift speedy time, feathered with flying hours, Dissolves the beauty of the fairest brow.
Beauty is that which is simultaneously attractive and sublime.
I slept and dreamt that life was beauty I woke and found that life was duty.
Its not some great work of beauty and love to be a rock-and-roll singer.
The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw.
The true beauty of music is that it connects people. It carries a message, and we, the musicians, are the messengers.
Walk on a rainbow trail walk on a trail of song, and all about you will be beauty. There is a way out of every dark mist, over a rainbow trail.
I have always known what I wanted, and that was beauty... in every form.
Liturgy is like a strong tree whose beauty is derived from the continuous renewal of its leaves, but whose strength comes from the old trunk, with solid roots in the ground.
Beauty is merciless. You do not look at it, it looks at you and does not forgive.
People often say that beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and I say that the most liberating thing about beauty is realizing that you are the beholder. This empowers us to find beauty in places where others have not dared to look, including inside ourselves.
Beauty opened all the doors it got me things I didnt even know I wanted, and things I certainly didnt deserve.
Soon I realized that if beauty equalled forgiveness, I was never going to be forgiven.
By its very nature the beautiful is isolated from everything else. From beauty no road leads to reality.
For all of natures wonder and beauty, it is also hostile and unpredictable.
Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived.
Accuracy is, in every case, advantageous to beauty, and just reasoning to delicate sentiment. In vain would we exalt the one by depreciating the other.
Filipinos dont wallow in what is miserable and ugly. They recycle the bad into things of beauty.
Depression opens the door to beauty of some kind.
Somehow a bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever.
Beauty is not something you can count on. Usually, when people say you are beautiful, it is when there is a harmony between the inside and the outside.
Pay attention to the beauty surrounding you.
Im not ugly, but my beauty is a total creation.
The beauty one can find in art is one of the pitifully few real and lasting products of human endeavor.
Only when inspired to go beyond consciousness by some extraordinary insight does beauty manifest unexpectedly.
I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks. This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes.
Ugliness is in a way superior to beauty because it lasts.
Ive never had any illusions about being a lead actor in films, because lead actors have to be of a certain kind. Apart from the beauty of looks and figure, which I cannot claim to have, theres just a particular kind of ordinary-Joe quality that a film star needs to have.
Let me tell you something - being thought of as a beautiful woman has spared me nothing in life. No heartache, no trouble. Love has been difficult. Beauty is essentially meaningless and it is always transitory.
Beauty when unadorned is adorned the most.
The 1990s, after the reign of terror of academic vandalism, will be a decade of restoration: restoration of meaning, value, beauty, pleasure, and emotion to art and restoration of art to its audience.
I believe that history has shape, order, and meaning that exceptional men, as much as economic forces, produce change and that passe abstractions like beauty, nobility, and greatness have a shifting but continuing validity.
Younger women have no problem in reconciling beauty with ambitions as a professional woman.
It seems like the chaos of this world is accelerating, but so is the beauty in the consciousness of more and more people.
Im tired of all this nonsense about beauty being skin deep. Thats deep enough. What do you want, an adorable pancreas?
Sometimes the beauty is easy. Sometimes you dont have to try at all. Sometimes you can hear the wind blow in a handshake. Sometimes theres poetry written right on the bathroom wall.
A horse is a thing of beauty... none will tire of looking at him as long as he displays himself in his splendor.
I wasnt afraid of getting old, because I was never a great beauty.
Beauty is but the sensible image of the Infinite. Like truth and justice it lives within us like virtue and the moral law it is a companion of the soul.
What matters poverty? What matters anything to him who is enamoured of our art? Does he not carry in himself every joy and every beauty?
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect - they are much more interesting.
There is no racial or ethnic involvement in Thanksgiving, and people who may be very distant from the Christian system can see the beauty and the positive spirit that comes from the holiday.
But the gravest difficulty, and perhaps the most important, in poetry meant solely for recitation, is the difficulty of achieving verbal beauty, or rather of making verbal beauty tell.
You fall into my arms. You are the good gift of destructions path, When life sickens more than disease. And boldness is the root of beauty. Which draws us together.
Beyond the beauty, the sex, the titillation, the surface, there is a human being. And that has to emerge.
Most women are dissatisfied with their appearance - its the stuff that fuels the beauty and fashion industries.
When I look at the majority of my own songs they really came from my own sense of personal confusion or need to express some pain or beauty - they were coming from a universal and personal place.
I mean, no one asks beauty secrets of me, or What size do you wear? or Whos your couturier? They ask me about really deep things and I love that.
Beauty is grace and confidence. Ive learned to accept and appreciate what nature gave me.
I would rather be adorned by beauty of character than jewels. Jewels are the gift of fortune, while character comes from within.
The truth, the absolute truth, is that the chief beauty for the theatre consists in fine bodily proportions.
The human face is the organic seat of beauty. It is the register of value in development, a record of Experience, whose legitimate office is to perfect the life, a legible language to those who will study it, of the majestic mistress, the soul.
It seems to me that the natural world is the greatest source of excitement the greatest source of visual beauty the greatest source of intellectual interest. It is the greatest source of so much in life that makes life worth living.
Beauty is only skin deep, but its a valuable asset if youre poor or havent any sense.
There is little premium in poetry in a world that thinks of Pound and Whitman as a weight and a sampler, not an Ezra, a Walt, a thing of beauty, a joy forever.
Death is the mother of Beauty hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires.
The fame that goes with wealth and beauty is fleeting and fragile intellectual superiority is a possession glorious and eternal.
I didnt appreciate the young woman that I was, or my young beauty, because I was so obsessed with the fact that I felt fat. Its never good to add to anybody elses suffering. Its an important topic to really get the gravity and the importance of - dealing with dignity.
A lot of punk rock is not going to be in the mainstream. Its below the radar. The beauty of it is that youre not supposed to always know. Its subterranean.
Its such a diversion to be constantly thinking of better ways I can teach people math that my hunger is for that really, for new ways of translating the beauty of it.
My beauty secret is absolutely no sun.
Standards of beauty are arbitrary. Body shame exists only to the extent that our physiques dont match our own beliefs about how we should look.
Because, if one is writing novels today, concentrating on the beauty of the prose is right up there with concentrating on your semi-colons, for wasted effort.
As soon as beauty is sought not from religion and love, but for pleasure, it degrades the seeker.
Beauty is an outward gift which is seldom despised, except by those to whom it has been refused.
Beauty is often worse than wine intoxicating both the holder and beholder.
All the freaky people make the beauty of the world.
I like to embrace natural beauty. I try to get at least 8 hours of sleep, drinking a lot of water and exercising.
I find beauty in the grotesque, like most artists.
The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects - making it possible... to see a new beauty in what is vanishing.
It is shallow people who think beauty is frivolous or excessive. If you are bringing beauty and god, you are enriching the country. Rice feeds the body, books feed the mind, beauty feeds the soul. It is one thing I can really be proud of and stand tall in the world.
The only rich person is a person who is rich in spirit. I have no money deposit. I have only beauty deposit.
Jordan has a strange, haunting beauty and a sense of timelessness. Dotted with the ruins of empires once great, it is the last resort of yesterday in the world of tomorrow. I love every inch of it.
I am a great lover of art, in many forms: paintings, objets, textiles. I dont have the talent for painting, but I have a very good sense of colour, a love of visual beauty.
Beauty is natures brag, and must be shown in courts, at feasts, and high solemnities, where most may wonder at the workmanship.
I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom.
Ads featuring real women and real beauty are such a necessary component to offset the potentially dangerous programming out there for little girls.
The beauty of spacing children many years apart lies in the fact that parents have time to learn the mistakes that were made with the older ones - which permits them to make exactly the opposite mistakes with the younger ones.
Strength of character may be learned at work, but beauty of character is learned at home.
I am still a victim of chess. It has all the beauty of art - and much more. It cannot be commercialized. Chess is much purer than art in its social position.
I do not know which to prefer, The beauty of inflections, Or the beauty of innuendoes, The blackbird whistling, Or just after.
Beauty and the devil are the same thing.
You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen. But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your souls own doing.
Often, the roles Im offered in England are melancholic women who are filled with regret for the past, regret for their fading beauty.
I am not fighting for success, just to get more beauty out of myself and share it with more people.
Lila cant be a model until shes at least 21. She is already a mini-me - it is scary. She already has her own beauty kit.
I would warn you that I do not attribute to nature either beauty or deformity, order or confusion. Only in relation to our imagination can things be called beautiful or ugly, well-ordered or confused.
Im really proud of myself because Ive pared my beauty regimen down to a cream blush and berry-tinted lip balm, which has saved me so much time.
Wealth, beauty, and fame are transient. When those are gone, little is left except the need to be useful.
Italian men do appreciate beautiful women. Theyre not afraid of the beauty, which is nice.
I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it.
Bracketing has turned all my experiences, remembered and present, into a gallery of miracles where I wander around dazzled by the beauty of events I cannot explain.
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.
Beauty is a relation, and the apprehension of it a comparison.
We come in many different shapes and sizes, and we need to support each other and our differences. Our beauty is in our differences.
Her beauty didnt do her any good and she couldnt use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time.
My everyday beauty routine is always rushed and pretty simple.
Well, Ive never looked upon myself as being a beauty, per se.
After a decade this glum, we deserved a shot of Glee, a show that restored our faith in the power of song, the beauty of dance, and the magic of spirit fingers to chase our cares and woes into somebody elses backyard.
Do not confuse beauty with beautiful. Beautiful is a human judgment. Beauty is All. The difference is everything.
Beauty is composed of an eternal, invariable element whose quantity is extremely difficult to determine, and a relative element which might be, either by turns or all at once, period, fashion, moral, passion.
Fashion fosters cliches of beauty, but I want to tear them apart.
When you are balanced and when you listen and attend to the needs of your body, mind, and spirit, your natural beauty comes out.
In art economy is always beauty.
Through Kurt I saw the beauty of minimalism and the importance of music thats stripped down.
I trust in nature for the stable laws of beauty and utility. Spring shall plant and autumn garner to the end of time.
I dont get anything for free. I pay for all my beauty treatments.
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together.
I didnt have any confidence in my beauty when I was young. I felt like a character actress, and I still do.
I really admire a woman for her intelligence, her personality. Beauty is not enough.
I write for no other purpose than to add to the beauty that now belongs to me. I write a book for no other reason than to add three or four hundred acres to my magnificent estate.
They saw me, those reckless seekers of beauty, and in a night I was famous.
Beauty is not just physical.
Beauty and fullness of tone can be achieved by having the whole orchestra play with high clarinets and a carefully selected number of piccolos.
I think the beauty of working with young people is they remind you of the spirit of acting and its just a big play.
I am obsessed with beauty. I want everything to be perfect, and of course it isnt. And thats a tough place to be because youre never satisfied.
The beautiful seems right by force of beauty and the feeble wrong because of weakness.
I would like to say to people, open your eyes and find beauty where you normally dont expect it.
Art is the unceasing effort to compete with the beauty of flowers - and never succeeding.
Thankfully, beauty is easier to remove than apply, and a swipe of demaquillage in the right direction and you are you once again.
Just because you are blind and unable to see my beauty doesnt mean it does not exist.
Order is the shape upon which beauty depends.
For the mind disturbed, the still beauty of dawn is natures finest balm.
Women are so unforgiving of themselves. We dont recognize our own beauty because were too busy comparing ourselves to other people.
But every great scripture, whether Hebrew, Indian, Persian, or Chinese, apart from its religious value will be found to have some rare and special beauty of its own and in this respect the original Bible stands very high as a monument of sublime poetry and of artistic prose.
Part of the beauty of Judaism, and surely this is so for other faiths also, is that it gently restores control over time. Three times a day we stop what we are doing and turn to God in prayer. We recover perspective. We inhale a deep breath of eternity.
Ive actually spent a lot of time researching beauty products, how they are produced and how they are sold.
For I must tell you that we artists cannot tread the path of Beauty without Eros keeping company with us and appointing himself as our guide.
Solitude gives birth to the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous - to poetry. But also, it gives birth to the opposite: to the perverse, the illicit, the absurd.
What is sacred among one people may be ridiculous in another and what is despised or rejected by one cultural group, may in a different environment become the cornerstone for a great edifice of strange grandeur and beauty.
Art is beauty, the perpetual invention of detail, the choice of words, the exquisite care of execution.
Im not one of those women who thinks beauty is a curse.
A lot of directors idealize their leading ladies or turn them into these objects of sexuality and beauty.
I like the idea of accessibility, coming from a lower-middle-class background myself, I feel like beauty and products should be accessible to all women over the world.
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued.
What saddens me is the corruption of youth and beauty, and the loss of soul, which is only replaced by money.
When I think of art I think of beauty. Beauty is the mystery of life. It is not in the eye it is in the mind. In our minds there is awareness of perfection.
The very definition of beauty is outside.
I always loved aesthetics. Not particularly fashion, but an idea of beauty.
Now, Im not saying Im fashionable, but there are sociological interests that matter to me, things that are theoretical, political, intellectual and also concerned with vanity and beauty that we all think about but that I try to mix up and translate into fashion.
What sort of sap doesnt know by now that picture-perfect beauty is all done with smoke and mirrors anyway?
Shame, like beauty, is often in the eye of the beholder.
The truth of the matter is, beauty is a specific thing, rare and fleeting. Some of us have it in our teens, 20s and 30s and then lose it most of us have it not at all. And thats perfectly okay. But lying to yourself that you have it when you dont seems to me simple-minded at best and psychotic at worst.
What I find most upsetting about this new all-consuming beauty culture is that the obsession with good looks, and how you can supposedly attain them, is almost entirely female-driven.
Surely being a Professional Beauty - let alone an ageing one - is one of the most insecure and doomed careers imaginable.
Ive always thought of beauty therapy, alternative treatments and the like as the female equivalent of brothels - for essentially self-deceiving people who feel a bit hollow and have to pay to be touched.
These women whose antics we smirk at good-naturedly in the pap-traps put themselves out there at least partly on their beauty they are in showbiz, and showing what theyve got is part of their business as much as it is for male show-ponies from the Chippendales to George Clooney.
Natural beauty takes at least two hours in front of a mirror.
It is not the beauty of a building you should look at its the construction of the foundation that will stand the test of time.
One of the things that people dont realize is that that natural beauty, those recreational forests, they have an economic development impact for the state as well.
Endeavour to be faithful, and if there is any beauty in your thought, your style will be beautiful if there is any real emotion to express, the expression will be moving.
Black beauty - hes a dark horse.
I shall give you hunger, and pain, and sleepless nights. Also beauty, and satisfactions known to few, and glimpses of the heavenly life. None of these you shall have continually, and of their coming and going you shall not be foretold.
People dont associate red hair, pale skin, and freckles with beauty.
I still believe that capitalism is too harsh and I believe that, even within that, there is a lot of satisfaction and beauty if you happen to be one of the lucky ones, although that doesnt eradicate the reality of the suffering. Its all true at once, kind of humming and sublime.
Physical beauty is such a strange thing.
I was kind of a jock in school. Beauty wasnt something I spent a lot of time on.
Im very accepting with my age. Its like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when youve become comfortable in your skin.
My wife has brought great beauty into my life. And my daughter has brought me nothing but joy. Those qualities were greatly lacking.
My mother never put an emphasis on looks. She let us grow up on our own time line. She never forced any beauty regimen into my world.
It is very necessary to have markers of beauty left in a world seemingly bent on making the most evil ugliness.
Hollywood needs to recognise all shades of African American beauty.
Editing yourself is like an irksome coin toss. Youve got to strip yourself of super ego and operate from the id. Maybe Ive got my Freud mixed up. Its just hard to trade a beauty shot for the performance with truth and a brightly lit zit.
Beauty is a radiance that originates from within and comes from inner security and strong character.
I tried for a while to be an agricultural worker and was hopelessly bored. To me it was meaningless. I would stand around in heaps of manure and sings about the beauty of the work I wasnt doing.
I tried for a while to be an agricultural worker and was hopelessly bored. I would stand around in heaps of manure and sing about the beauty of the work I wasnt doing.
Art requires philosophy, just as philosophy requires art. Otherwise, what would become of beauty?
I really like where Tony Robbins says that were all hypnotized to see beauty this one specific way, and its true.
Beauty fades! I just turned 29, so I probably dont have that many good years left in me.
Beauty, to me is about being comfortable in your own skin.
You cant possibly fathom the ins and outs of a prepubescent beauty treatment until youve felt the strange but exhilarating tingle of a cottage-cheese-and-Pop-Rocks facial.
As Ralphs character begins to discover the political thriller aspect of the film, he falls deeper in love with his wife, so the two run together. Thats the beauty of this film. It has fast pace and excitement, but it also has heart and soul.
Beauty can come in strange forms.
And I think of that again as Ive written in several of my beauty books, a lot of health comes from the proper eating habits, which are something that - you know, I come from a generation that wasnt - didnt have a lot of food.
Well Ive written four beauty books as well.
Bologna is the best city in Italy for food and has the least number of tourists. With its medieval beauty, it has it all.
I think we have become obsessed with beauty and personally Im really saddened by the way women mutilate their faces today in search of that.
Beauty, more than bitterness, makes the heart break.
I thought to be feminine was to give in to straight culture, or the beauty standard, but in my heart I had a flair for fashion and style. They were passions I kept secret because I didnt understand I could love clothes and hair and makeup and still like girls.
Thanks to capitalism, the importance placed on beauty has never been so manipulated. We are the guinea pigs force-fed ads that tell us how pathetic we are: that we will never be loved, happy or valuable unless we have the body, the face, the hair, even the personality that will apparently be ours, if only we buy their products.
She gave up beauty in her tender youth, gave all her hope and joy and pleasant ways she covered up her eyes lest they should gaze on vanity, and chose the bitter truth.
I really like to be able to have variety and to try different things - thats the beauty of fashion.
Beauty is first and foremost an emotion.
Its the beauty and curse of doing a daily show. Some days youve got nothing to talk about and other days Dick Cheney shoots his lawyer in the face and everyone is happy.
The beauty that addresses itself to the eyes is only the spell of the moment the eye of the body is not always that of the soul.
The trick of this thing and the beauty of this thing is that its a cowboy movie first and then stuff happens. Even after stuff happens it doesnt change - it hasnt suddenly changed into another kind of movie. Its still a cowboy movie. And thats whats incredible about it because nobody has done that before, thats new territory.
With guys I revere, like Marcus Garvey or Malcolm X, their look is less about style than purpose and the expression of beauty. It wasnt just about being noticed, you know?
Who knows better than artists how much ugliness there is on the way to beauty, how many ghastly, mortifying missteps, how many days of granitic blockheadedness and dismaying ineptitude there is on the way to accomplishment, how partial all accomplishment is, how incomplete?
Every man who has shown the world the way to beauty, to true culture, has been a rebel, a universal without patriotism, without home, who has found his people everywhere.
I discovered that the horse is life itself, a metaphor but also an example of lifes mystery and unpredictability, of lifes generosity and beauty, a worthy object of repeated and ever changing contemplation.
Beauty comes from a life well lived. If youve lived well, your smile lines are in the right places, and your frown lines arent too bad, what more do you need?
My mother is a big believer in being responsible for your own happiness. She always talked about finding joy in small moments and insisted that we stop and take in the beauty of an ordinary day. When I stop the car to make my kids really see a sunset, I hear my mothers voice and smile.
The way in which mathematicians and physicists and historians talk is quite different, and what a physicist means by physical intuition and what a mathematician means by beauty or elegance are things worth thinking about.
I know it sounds a bit corny, but I do think that beauty and sexiness come from within.
I love the game, its the greatest game on earth, thats why I cant understand all of this talk about trying to make the game better. People talk about the high strike zone and changing this and that. Why? To speed up the game? Thats the beauty of baseball. There is no time element.
Nothing surpasses the beauty and elegance of a bad idea.
Beauty is as relative as light and dark. Thus, there exists no beautiful woman, none at all, because you are never certain that a still far more beautiful woman will not appear and completely shame the supposed beauty of the first.
Who among us has never looked up into the heavens on a starlit night, lost in wonder at the vastness of space and the beauty of the stars?
I am an unconventional beauty. I grew up in a high school where if you didnt have a nose job and money and if you werent thin, you werent cool, popular, beautiful. I was always told that I wasnt pretty enough to be on television.
Our situation today shows that beauty demands for itself at least as much courage and decision as do truth and goodness, and she will not allow herself to be separated and banned from her two sisters without taking them along with herself in an act of mysterious vengeance.
For me art and chess are closely related, both are forms in which the self finds beauty and expression.
But I think it is a serious issue to wonder about the other platonic absolutes of say beauty and morality.
I was never an ambitious girl, or even a self-confident one. I never went in for beauty pageants or wore a stitch of make-up until I went to Los Angeles.
What delights us in visible beauty is the invisible.
There is a role and function for beauty in our time.
I like the beauty of Faulkners poetry. But I dont like his themes, not at all.
You get more churches burned down in the United States in the last two years than in the last hundred, because of the lack of understanding of culture and diversity and the beauty of it.
You, too, women, cast away all the cowards from your embraces they will give you only cowards for children, and you who are the daughters of the land of beauty must bear children who are noble and brave.
All my writing is about the recognition that there is no single reality. But the beauty of it is that you nevertheless go on, walking towards utopia, which may not exist, on a bridge which might end before you reach the other side.
I thought it might be a good move to get into a beauty contest so I tried for Miss Pennsylvania and won. I think that helped me get noticed, at least by the people of Pennsylvania.
The beauty of a strong, lasting commitment is often best understood by men incapable of it.
What I like about cities is that everything is king size, the beauty and the ugliness.
Beauty is a precious trace that eternity causes to appear to us and that it takes away from us. A manifestation of eternity, and a sign of death as well.
A beautiful bouquet or a long-lasting flowering plant is a traditional gift for women, but I have recommended that both men and women keep fresh flowers in the home for their beauty, fragrance, and the lift they give our spirits.
Avon invented the concept of direct marketing and direct selling beauty. And thats still very valid to us. Well have a firm that will be around for another 114 years as strongly as it was the first 114.
A representative is free delivery shes a personal beauty consultant. Some people want that high touch.
The game in beauty is changing so much, if your product isnt high tech or cant make a unique performance claim - plump your lips, reduce your lines, look glossy, and stay on for 24 hours - you cant go to market today. Im not just talking about a $20 lipstick, but a $5 lipstick!
There are two ways to worry words. One is hoping for the greatest possible beauty in what is created. The other is to tell the truth.
I think the 1970s will always be the decade for me. Obviously, I grew up in that era, but the beauty standard was touchable, kissable.
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
Grandeur and beauty are so very opposite, that you often diminish the one as you increase the other. Variety is most akin to the latter, simplicity to the former.
Power and beauty come from a very deep place.
Beauty cant amuse you, but brainwork - reading, writing, thinking - can.
Wigs have always been a part of my life and have become a staple accessory in my closet. I can remember being a little girl and hearing all the commotion in my house from my mom, aunts and grandmother when picking out their wigs for the day. It was such a good time for them and part of their everyday beauty routine.
I think we should all be tolerant of each other and embrace each others strengths and differences and uniqueness and beauty.
I have girls who are concerned about how they look compared to models or what have you. Its my responsibility to teach them that beauty is more than superficial.
The beauty about the D-list is that people who are on it probably dont know they are.
I find, in being black, a thing of beauty: a joy a strength a secret cup of gladness.
Im only wanted by directors for the image I give off, and it makes me angry. I always wanted to be an actor and not a beauty pageant winner.
My idea of beauty is somebody that doesnt have to try too much, someone who is effortless and fresh.
The English Bible - a book which, if everything else in our language should perish, would alone suffice to show the whole extent of its beauty and power.
A supermodel needed to be able to be on Sports Illustrated, to be able to walk runways, to be able to do beauty ads, to be on covers. And the girls now can no longer be on covers and be in the ads because your actresses have taken over all the jobs. I dont know what happened, but we want our jobs back.
Familiarity is a magician that is cruel to beauty but kind to ugliness.
Theres a beauty in being part of a band, when theres equality and trust.
I learned the truth at seventeen, That love was meant for beauty queens, And high school girls with clear skinned smiles, Who married young and then retired.
Its nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you.
A few years ago I lost 30 pounds, and people still wanted to criticize. And honestly, Im happy with myself if Im a little heavier. I realized: Why am I trying to conform to someone elses idea of beauty? I think Im beautiful either way.
We have magnificent brains, but we use a great deal of our brilliance to keep ourselves stuck and ignorant, to keep ourselves from not shining. We are so afraid of our beauty and radiance and brilliance because it scared the adults around us when we were children.
If I werent performing, Id be a beauty editor or a therapist. I love creativity, but I also love to help others. My mother was a hairstylist, and they listen to everyones problems - like a beauty therapist!
You dont know what the Chinese expect in the way of beauty. The presentation is just a farce. You come into a room filled with 50 people and they dont talk to you. Theres very little interaction.
Los Angeles is like a beauty parlor at the end of the universe.
A special kind of beauty exists which is born in language, of language, and for language.
Beauty must appeal to the senses, must provide us with immediate enjoyment, must impress us or insinuate itself into us without any effort on our part.
The ideal has many names, and beauty is but one of them.
As an inspiration to the author, I do not think the cat can be over-estimated. He suggests so much grace, power, beauty, motion, mysticism. I do not wonder that many writers love cats I am only surprised that all do not.
Im proud that today, at 43 years old, Ive come to value the aging process and focus on inner rather than outer beauty.
Theres no such thing is aging, but maturing and knowledge. Its beautiful, I call that beauty.
Not longer loved or fostered by religion, beauty is lifted from its face as a mask, and its absence exposes features on that face which threaten to become incomprehensible to man.
We no longer dare to believe in beauty and we make of it a mere appearance in order the more easily to dispose of it.
I believe every chess player senses beauty, when he succeeds in creating situations, which contradict the expectations and the rules, and he succeeds in mastering this situation.
The development of beauty in chess never depends on you alone. No matter how much imagination and creativity you invest, you still do not create beauty. Your opponent must react at the same highest level.
I really wanted there to be something in my life that I enjoy just for the beauty of it.
The New York City Ballet is obviously speaking to a whole new generation and bringing it the same wonder and beauty that it brought previous generations.
Many a genius has been slow of growth. Oaks that flourish for a thousand years do not spring up into beauty like a reed.
Every performance is different. Thats the beauty of it.
My daily beauty regimen is definitely always in the mornings, and at night, always washing my face with a basic cleanser. I also use a moisturizer with SPF to follow up.
We all have to find beauty within us, as opposed to just our exterior.
People tend not to use this word beauty because its not intellectual - but there has to be an overlap between beauty and intellect.
One night Ill be in Los Angeles and itll be a Latin crowd, and then another night Ill go to Fresno and itll be an all-black crowd. To me, thats the beauty of the music.
Thats the beauty of being a comedian - its the one job youre allowed to do that. Were lucky. Were really lucky.
The difference between Marilyn Monroe and the early Pamela Anderson is not that great. Whats amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same.
I felt Joyce was an influence on my fiction, but in a very general way, as a kind of inspiration and a model for the beauty of language.
The beauty of having a producer is that you have someone who says, Youre finished.
Comics are so full of amazing work. And I cant look at a drawing of a woman without thinking of, for instance, Wallace Wood and his amazing way of capturing beauty.
I cannot go to Montreal without going to Beautys, my favorite place for breakfast, where I have the Mish-Mash omelet with hot dogs, salami, eggs, green peppers, and onions, and the best banana bread in the world. Its legendary!
Beauty set up distance between other people and me. It warped their behavior.
People see you as an object, not as a person, and they project a set of expectations onto you. People who dont have it think beauty is a blessing, but actually it sets you apart.
A child does not notice the greatness and the beauty of nature and the splendor of God in his works.
Once you go inside and weed through the muck, you will find the real beauty, the truth about yourself.
I used to wear a lot of red lipstick, and when I got a pimple, Id cover it up with eyeliner to turn it into a beauty mark.
Im flatchested, Im short, Im brunette, I have droopy eyes, and so people have a hard time casting me as a beauty.
Doors open because youre beautiful, but I wouldnt cultivate beauty to the exclusion of brains.
Beauty lasts five minutes. Maybe longer if you have a good plastic surgeon.
Beauty is produced by the pleasing appearance and good taste of the whole, and by the dimensions of all the parts being duly proportioned to each other.
Thats the beauty of music. You can take a theme from a Bach sacred chorale and improvise. It doesnt make any difference where the theme comes from the treatment of it can be jazz.
Asian people have a unique way about them and a different sense of beauty. Its exotic to me. I like they way Asians project their feelings. Theres a hardness to the culture, but at the same time theres a delicateness.
This is the artist, then, lifes hungry man, the glutton of eternity, beautys miser, glorys slave.
Many attempts have been made by writers on art and poetry to define beauty in the abstract, to express it in the most general terms, to find some universal formula for it.
Such discussions help us very little to enjoy what has been well done in art or poetry, to discriminate between what is more and what is less excellent in them, or to use words like beauty, excellence, art, poetry, with a more precise meaning than they would otherwise have.
What is important, then, is not that the critic should possess a correct abstract definition of beauty for the intellect, but a certain kind of temperament, the power of being deeply moved by the presence of beautiful objects.
One of the most beautiful passages of Rousseau is that in the sixth book of Confessions, where he describes the awakening in him of the literary sense. Of such wisdom, the poetic passion, the desire of beauty, the love of art for its own sake, has most.
I mean the beauty of being a writer is its not like being a swimmer. When they were talking about our Olympic swimmers and theyd say, Oh shes so old, and shes all of 25 or something. So the beauty for a writer is that you can keep doing it right into your dotage, and I hope to be able to keep doing it as long as I can get away with it, yeah.
I had a lot of resentment for a while toward Kim Novak. But I dont mind her anymore. Shes okay. Weve become friends. I even asked her before this trip for some beauty tips.
But the beauty of Einsteins equations, for example, is just as real to anyone whos experienced it as the beauty of music. Weve learned in the 20th century that the equations that work have inner harmony.
I think beauty comes from within. If youre happy and look at life in the best way you can, even when there are problems, it can make you beautiful on the outside.
I think theres a great beauty to having problems. Thats one of the ways we learn.
Truth is a thing immortal and perpetual, and it gives to us a beauty that fades not away in time.
My quick beauty tip is always have a tinted gloss of some kind to give you some color even if you have no makeup on.
I think beauty comes from within, and society paints a ridiculous picture.
My daily beauty regimen consists of washing my face before bed and putting on moisturizer.
My unusual beauty tip is that I often use Vaseline to take my make up off. It works great and is good for sensitive skin.
I envy the sensibility in Europe, appreciating beauty in women as they age. Im going to go that way. I might dye my gray hair for a bit, but beyond that the buck stops. Im not having any work done.
You may keep your beauty and your health, unless you destroy them yourself, or discourage them to stay with you, by using them ill.
So every creative act strives to attain an absolute status it longs to create a world of beauty to triumph over chaos and convert it to order.
Oh who can tell the range of joy or set the bounds of beauty?
Music, as many people have said, is the universal language. Of course points are made which make you think about things, but ultimately it makes you feel. And thats why people remember more songs that have meant something during their life than films. They start to define periods in your life, and thats kind of the beauty of it.
No single man can be taken as a model for a perfect figure, for no man lives on earth who is endowed with the whole of beauty.
Music, art, theater. Im just a big fan of beauty.
Theres a sadness to the human condition that I think music is good for. It gives a counterpoint to the visual beauty, and adds depth to pictures that they wouldnt have if the music wasnt there.
The idea that happiness could have a share in beauty would be too much of a good thing.
I remember reminding myself that beauty is an opinion, not a fact. And it has always made me feel better.
The thought came to me that all one loves in art becomes beautiful. Beauty is nothing but the expression of the fact that something is being loved. Only thus could she be defined.
I have a real passion for many aspects of home lifestyle and beauty.
The more people explore the world, the more they realize in every country theres a different aesthetic. Beauty really is in the eye of the beholder.
There will always be a desire for something new, fresh and innovative, as well as a yearning and respect for timeless elegance and beauty.
The difference between utility and utility plus beauty is the difference between telephone wires and the spider web.
I felt I had to share Idaho with my friend from New York because hed shared New York with me, so I was going to share the beauty of nature with a man who went to museums and clubs late at night. But there was nothing to do where I lived at night.
Beauty comes from the inside.
The South is very beautiful but its beauty makes one sad because the lives that people live here, and have lived here, are so ugly.
For me, a page of good prose is where one hears the rain and the noise of battle. It has the power to give grief or universality that lends it a youthful beauty.
After Freaks and Geeks, I dealt with several producers who wanted to cover up all my beauty marks, every single mole on my body. They tried to cover them on my first two episodes of Dawsons Creek, and it just looked ridiculous, so I had to put my foot down. But its not something Im insecure about.
I recognize in thieves, traitors and murderers, in the ruthless and the cunning, a deep beauty - a sunken beauty.
As a mom, I dont have much time for beauty.
The pattern of a newspapermans life is like the plot of Black Beauty. Sometimes he finds a kind master who gives him a dry stall and an occasional bran mash in the form of a Christmas bonus, sometimes he falls into the hands of a mean owner who drives him in spite of spavins and expects him to live on potato peelings.
The beauty of doing film is that you construct whatever you do block by block and you can build something that will stay.
As a girl, youre supposed to love Sleeping Beauty. I mean, who wants to love Sleeping Beauty when you can be Aladdin?
I believe its time that women truly owned their superpowers and used their beauty and strength to change the world around them.
Some songs you get. Some songs you may not. And I think thats the beauty of art: to question and to ask, to understand the deeper meaning after two or three or four listenings.
I know that Ive got big ears and a big forehead and that my hair sticks up. But Im happy with myself. Im not necessarily trying to win a beauty pageant here.
My theory of characterization is basically this: Put some dirt on a hero, and put some sunshine on the villain, one brush stroke of beauty on the villain.
I think the beauty looks I most regret are those I was persuaded into.
Physical beauty isnt so impressive to me.
I love glamour and artificial beauty. I love the idea of artifice and dressing up and makeup and hair.
My beauty icons are women whose images are self-created.
I really believe that beauty comes from health - sensible eating and exercise.
I do not see any beauty in self-restraint.
Beauty and the Beast seemed like it all was really brown. The whole thing was just so brown and orange and yellow, like Burger King or something. I dont think I would have liked Beauty and the Beast at any age.
All things are perceived in the light of charity, and hence under the aspect of beauty for beauty is simply reality seen with the eyes of love.
Solitude has its own very strange beauty to it.
Blanche talks about aging, and why should she be considered poor, because physical beauty is transitory and fading and she has such richness of the soul. I think that speech is so beautiful, and so telling and so true.
The real message of the Dance opens up the vistas of life to all who have the urge to express beauty with no other instrument than their own bodies, with no apparatus and no dependence on anything other than space.
I have a desire to create more film, more beauty, more art, more love, but I dont feel desperate. Its not about creating or building a career.
Boxing is my real passion. I can go to ballet, theatre, movies, or other sporting events... and nothing is like the fights to me. Im excited by the visual beauty of it. A boxer can look so spectacular by doing a good job.
I needed to be in the bush. There I find solitude and beauty and purity and focus. Thats where my heart lies.
Its just poetry, beauty and love. How hard can that be to act?
Never once does Snow White herself look in the mirror so she isnt aware of her beauty or what apparently that does to people. Its really just the queen and the prince that talk about it.
It is, finally, a word is untimely in three different senses, and bearing it as ones treasure will not win one anyones favours one rather risks finding oneself outside everyones camp... Beauty is the word that shall be our first.
I didnt grow up identifying with beauty. I grew up thinking I could be smart and funny - those are the things I got feedback on.
Even if you play perfectly, a fault of your opponents can destroy the entire beauty of the game.
When I speak of the beauty of a game of chess, then naturally this is subjective. Beauty can be found in a very technical, mathematical game for example. That is the beauty of clarity.
My mama told me in college, I love you, and youre Gods child, but natural beauty will only take you so far.
I have learned that acting is not about beauty.
Proportions are what makes the old Greek temples classic in their beauty. They are like huge blocks, from which the air has been literally hewn out between the columns.
I am thrilled to be able to bring my vision of beauty to others who may be inspired by it.
Im still figuring out why people would want to look at me. Maybe its generic beauty, but its weird to be valued for something I was born with.
Its hard to say what drives a three year-old, but I think I had a sense that nature was my solace, and nature was a place in which there was beauty, in which there was order.
Its not fair the emphasis put on beauty, or on sexuality.
Every article on these islands has an almost personal character, which gives this simple life, where all art is unknown, something of the artistic beauty of medieval life.
But when I was twelve years old I caught my first strong glimpse of one of the fundamental forces of existence, whose votary I was destined to be for life - namely, Beauty.
Nothing can atone for the lack of modesty without which beauty is ungraceful and wit detestable.
So, we just kind of created our own thing and thats part of the beauty of Athens: is that its so off the map and theres no way you could ever be the East Village or an L.A. scene or a San Francisco scene, that it just became its own thing.
The beauty of voice-over work is that maybe you come in and record once every two weeks for a couple of hours and do a couple episodes a session. Its awesome! You spend an afternoon playing in the booth, and there you have it. It doesnt interfere with much.
My mom was an aesthetician and she went to beauty school back in the 60s. I just remember watching her do her makeup all the time. She always had her nails done, makeup on - her face was ready to go when she went out. I loved it.
I grew up in a family where we werent allowed to talk about beauty or to put any emphasis on physical appearance.
This whole beauty thing is something Ive never comprehended.
I thought of Paris as a beauty spot on the face of the earth, and of London as a big freckle.
We tell them that we believe it will be beautiful because that is our specialty, we only create joy and beauty. We have never done a sad work. Through the drawings, we hope a majority will be able to visualize it.
And for me, the real world involves everything: risk, danger, beauty, energy, all we meet with in the real world.
Throughout the centuries, man has considered himself beautiful. I rather suppose that man only believes in his own beauty out of pride that he is not really beautiful and he suspects this himself for why does he look on the face of his fellow-man with such scorn?
Poetry a criticism of life under the conditions fixed for such a criticism by the laws of poetic truth and poetic beauty.
The concept of active cooperation has taken the place of opposition to the new form of government and of dreamy resignation entranced with the beauty of times past.
We say we want to create beauty, identity, quality, singularity. And yet, maybe in truth these cities that we have are desired. Maybe their very characterlessness provides the best context for living.
He was afflicted by the thought that where Beauty was, nothing ever ran quite straight, which no doubt, was why so many people looked on it as immoral.
Americans worship creativity the way they worship physical beauty - as a way of enjoying elitism without guilt: God did it.
I was amazed and upset by the looks I got just walking around the studio... It illuminates the ugliness and the beauty that exists within each of us, and thats what this story represents to me.
Beauty is only skin deep, and the world is full of thin skinned people.
That brings me to Dennis Ritchie. Our collaboration has been a thing of beauty.
When you put the interest of a kid on money instead of heart then youre destroying the beauty of our lives and our thought process, which should be about how much responsibilities you carry as an athlete and a citizen.
One of my favorite beauty products is Vincent Longo Water Canvas creamy blush. I have it in every color and Ive been using it for 5 years and thats all I put on when I leave the house. It looks so natural I just put a little bit on my cheeks to give them some color.
Everyday life is like programming, I guess. If you love something you can put beauty into it.
Im always suspicious of really beautiful women telling us we shouldnt be worried about beauty.
The beauty of a main title is that you establish your main theme and maybe a bit of your secondary theme. You plant the seed that youre going to go water later in the score. And so, having that removed just made it so much more difficult.
Beauty seen is never lost, Gods colors all are fast.
If the world could remain within a frame like a painting on the wall, I think wed see the beauty then and stand staring in awe.
Unless action is taken soon - unless we can display the same vision of that earlier period - we will lose the treasure of Californias open space and environmental beauty.
Remember always that the composers pen is still mightier than the bow of the violinist in you lie all the possibilities of the creation of beauty.
Grand opera is the most powerful of stage appeals and that almost entirely through the beauty of music.
I guess if you take yourself seriously as an artist there starts either the problem or the beauty of doing good artwork.
I just wanted to see every single musical I could. The very first one I saw was Beauty and the Beast, the only one I could get tickets for, and then Les Miserables and then Chicago.
My duty is to try to reach beauty. Cinema is emotion. When you laugh you cry.
The expression of beauty is in direct ratio to the power of conception the artist has acquired.
It is curious how, from time immemorial, man seems to have associated the idea of evil with beauty, shrunk from it with a sort of ghostly fear, while, at the same time drawn to it by force of its hypnotic attraction.
The beauty we love is very silent. It smiles softly to itself, but never speaks.
We also maintain - again with perfect truth - that mystery is more than half of beauty, the element of strangeness that stirs the senses through the imagination.
A womans beauty is one of her great missions.
Ive developed into quite a swan. Im one of those people that will probably look better and better as I get older until I drop dead of beauty.
I appreciate simplicity, true beauty that lasts over time, and a little wit and eclecticism that make life more fun.
Beauty has been democratised. No longer the preserve of movie stars and models but available to all. But while the invitation to beauty is welcomed, it has become not so much an option as an imperative.
Beauty is the oracle that speaks to us all.
The real beauty of it - key to my life was playing key chords on a banjo. For somebody else it may be a golf club that mom and dad put in their hands or a baseball or ballet lessons. Real gift to give to me and put it in writing.
In the 19th century, you had bourgeois art without politics - an almost frozen idea of what beauty is.
My beauty icon is Angelina Jolie.
Its not like Im sitting at home coming up with some secret beauty plan.
One of the basic things about a string is that it can vibrate in many different shapes or forms, which gives music its beauty.
Every one who has a heart, however ignorant of architecture he may be, feels the transcendent beauty and poetry of the mediaeval churches.
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.
We live in a state with a wonderful climate and plenty of natural beauty, from the shores of Cumberland Island to the Chattahoochee River to the Blue Ridge Mountains.
I hope that in some way that I can be some sort of beacon of hope, especially because I am not the typical Hollywood beauty.
I was always interested in fashion and beauty. I was fifteen when I was scouted in a flea market. Two years later, I arrived in New York. I was in awe because it was like another planet.
Latin life is rich with warmth, family values and history. I want to bring that beauty into American homes.
Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether its sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.
Listening to my regular favourites - Mozart, Beethoven, Brahms and so on - I always feel, quite misguidedly, that nothing can be too bad if such beauty and brilliance exists in the world.
The reason that the all-American boy prefers beauty to brains is that he can see better than he can think.
I love my beauty. Its not my fault.
A sculptor wields The chisel, and the stricken marble grows To beauty.
My mother is a beauty.
Beauty is the result of having been through an experience all the way through to the end - therefore it has a poignancy. Beauty that is singular always comes from following an experience to the point where you can go no further.
No eyes that have seen beauty ever lose their sight.
The world is a crazy, beautiful, ugly complicated place, and it keeps moving on from crisis to strangeness to beauty to weirdness to tragedy. The caravan keeps moving on, and the job of the longform writer or filmmaker or radio broadcaster is to stop - is to pause - and when the caravan goes away, thats when this stuff comes.
Sometimes I think I might not have written The Age of Miracles if I hadnt grown up in California, if I hadnt been exposed to its very particular blend of beauty and disaster, of danger and denial.
The beauty of golf, youre in charge out here.
There is beauty when something works and it works intuitively.
Literature isnt a moral beauty contest. Its power arises from the authority and audacity with which the impersonation is pulled off the belief it inspires is what counts.
Beauty, the eternal Spouse of the Wisdom of God and Angel of his Presence thru all creation.
Maybe Im old-fashioned. But I remember the beauty and thrill of being moved by Broadway musicals - particularly the endings of shows.
Beauty and the Beast became the first animated feature ever nominated for best picture.
I read The Great Gatsby in high school and was hypnotized by the beauty of the sentences and moved by the story about the irrevocability of lost love.
So as I look at transitioning to the communication platforms of the future, I see that the beauty of Internet protocols is you get the separation of the layers between service and technology.
What breadth, what beauty and power of human nature and development there must be in a woman to get over all the palisades, all the fences, within which she is held captive!
People are craving this great progress in electronics, going after computers, the Internet, etc. Its a giant progress technologically. But they must have a balance of soul, a balance for human beauty. That means art has an important role.
Baalbek is so beautiful. It is the heart of beauty in the Middle East - I want to embrace these people with my music. I will try so hard for them. Their president is a Christian, their prime minister is a Muslim. Music is for everyone.
We had common interests in the beauty of the French language. We both had a tremendous love of jazz. We shared dreams of getting married and having a family, living in the country, leading an idyllic life.
Well I do find the beauty in animals. I find beauty everywhere. I find beauty in my garden.
I dont have any beauty shop memories. I remember the barber shop.
We didnt have a beauty shop as I grew up.
Theres a difference between beauty and charm. A beautiful woman is one I notice. A charming woman is one who notices me.
As for everything else, so for a mathematical theory: beauty can be perceived but not explained.
One must learn, if one is to see the beauty in Japan, to like an extraordinarily restrained and delicate loveliness.
Talent, like beauty, to be pardoned, must be obscure and unostentatious.
And at five oclock in the morning we left to drive to Old Tucson, and I sat with my mouth open in the van. I was stunned by the beauty of that country.
Part of the beauty of the show in a way is that hes not perfect, but you can always count on him to do the right thing in a pinch. Thats why he inspires people and inspires me.
The very women who object to the morals of a notoriously beautiful actress, grow big with pride when an admirer suggests their marked resemblance to this stage beauty in physique.
Of course, all of the software I write runs on Linux thats the beauty of standards, and of cross-platform code. I dont have to run your OS, and you dont have to run mine, and we can use the same applications anyway!
Beauty is being in harmony with what you are.
I like to have Chinese furniture in my home as a constant and painful reminder of how much has been destroyed in China. The contrast between the beauty of the past and the ugliness of the modern is nowhere sharper than in China.
When you are at the bottom, you find beauty in such little things, and goodness in such little gestures. When I compare any struggle today to ones that I may have had in my childhood, there is nothing that can bring me down.
This is why cup finals are so special because on the day anyone can beat anyone. Thats what its all about and thats why for me the FA Cup and the Carling Cup are the best cups in the world. Thats the beauty of the cup.
Ive been on the cover of Time magazine three times, not for my beauty but because what I was doing was newsworthy around the world. Ive worked with teams all my life, but Ive been nice and Ive been kind.
I look OK. I look better in person than I do on film, which is bad because its how I make my living, but I am not a beauty and on balance I am glad.
Beauty can make you powerful in a way that isnt good for you. Being OK is better for the person I have become.
Im from Canada, and New Zealand feels like you took all the best bits of Canada and squished them onto a tiny island like Hawaii. I was absolutely blown away by the beauty of the South Island.
Shortly thereafter, some friends encouraged me to try out for the Miss South Carolina World beauty pageant. To my surprise, I won - and was sent to New York City to compete nationally.
This is so cliche, but my beauty icon would have to be Angelina Jolie. She looks like she wears natural makeup, but shes still beautiful.
I think every person has their own identity and beauty. Everyone being different is what is really beautiful. If we were all the same, it would be boring.
My sisters and I were fortunate to travel through Asia and Europe at very young ages. We confronted extraordinary beauty in Athens and unspeakable poverty in India.
Pastry is different from cooking because you have to consider the chemistry, beauty and flavor. Its not just sugar and eggs thrown together. I tell my pastry chefs to be in tune for all of this. You have to be challenged by using secret or unusual ingredients.
Beauty is not everything!
The beauty comes with the balance. Everyone should find his own balance in his personal as well as his professional life. Once you do so, you will feel and look beautiful.
In things to be seen at once, much variety makes confusion, another vice of beauty. In things that are not seen at once, and have no respect one to another, great variety is commendable, provided this variety transgress not the rules of optics and geometry.
You dont have to save the world, but you can be in the world-thats where the beauty comes from.
Seek goodness and be goodness. Seek beauty and be beauty. Seek love and be love.
I know as an actor there is a certain liberation auditioning for a role that has no beauty requirements.
You can muck around with different guitars for certain bits, but you have to have your own sound. Thats your benchmark, thats your sound. I also play a Black Beauty. It sounds amazing.
I have to hit the gym. I have beauty appointments. I have to work toward my next job and maintaining my image, just like an athlete.
The beauty of The Walking Dead and the beauty of being on a television show for a while, is that, its your backstory, its part of what you are, its what you carry with you every day.
We need a balanced, long term energy policy to reduce our dependence on foreign oil and preserve the beauty of the land we love.
Find beauty not only in the thing itself but in the pattern of the shadows, the light and dark which that thing provides.
When the soul looks out of its body, it should see only beauty in its path. These are the sights we must hold in mind, in order to move to a higher place.
The sport of horse racing which, at its best, showcases the majestic beauty of this animal and the athleticism of jockeys, has reached an alarming level of corruption and exploitation.
We were astonished by the beauty and refinement of the art displayed by the objects surpassing all we could have imagined - the impression was overwhelming.
The beauty of jazz is that its malleable. People are addressing it to suit their own personalities.
Beauty is but a flower, which wrinkles will devour.
I live by the philosophy that beauty starts from within, and I make a conscious effort to fill my body with nutrients through the food I eat.
Everyone has a different beauty and different qualities and I think that women need to learn to love their qualities and be comfortable in the fact that everyone is different.
The beauty of a face is not a separate quality but a relation or proportion of qualities to each other.
Truth isnt always beauty, but the hunger for it is.
I dont believe in one ideal beauty.
I have a talent for happiness. I look with the eyes of a painter, and I see beauty.
I just want to continue to break barriers and to show the industry and the world that beauty is diverse, and you dont have to be a certain stereotype to be beautiful.
I believe that true beauty of chess is more than enough to satisfy all possible demands.
Oh! this opponent, this collaborator against your will, whose notion of beauty always differs from yours and whose means are often too limited for active assistance to your intentions!
The beauty of it is when you can just show up and hit the notes.
I just try to play music from my heart and bring as much beauty as I can to as many people as I can. Just give them other alternatives, especially people who arent exposed to creative music.
Were here to bring beauty to the world and make a difference in this planet. Thats what art forms are about.
Id like to make really important movies, like American Beauty. I was really proud to be a part of that movie.
Even in decline, a virtuous man increases the beauty of his behavior. A burning stick, though turned to the ground, has its flame drawn upwards.
Knowing who the actors were as you were designing them helped, with Catherines beauty and Renees frailty, they directed me visually just by who they were.
The arts, quite simply, nourish the soul. They sustain, comfort, inspire. There is nothing like that exquisite moment when you first discover the beauty of connecting with others in celebration of larger ideals and shared wisdom.
I think Islam has been hijacked by the idea that all Muslims are terrorists that Islam is about hate, about war, about jihad - I think that hijacks the spirituality and beauty that exists within Islam. I believe in allowing Islam to be seen in context and in its entirety and being judged on what it really is, not what you think it is.
Theres one more thing I want to say. Its a touchy subject. Black beauty. Black sensuality. We live in a culture where the beauty of black people isnt always as celebrated as other types. Id like to help change that if I can!
Truth is, I cut my hair for freedom, not for beauty.
When I was young my Father used to tell me that the two most worthwhile pursuits in life were the pursuit of truth and of beauty and I believe that Alfred Nobel must have felt much the same when he gave these prizes for literature and the sciences.
Surely these women wont lose any more of their beauty and charm by putting a ballot in a ballot box once a year than they are likely to lose standing in foundries or laundries all year round. There is no harder contest than the contest for bread, let me tell you that.
My main aim has always been to do good quality films with roles that have some substance. With Power and Beauty there were loads of things that I liked about the movie, which made me opt for it.
Fashion is quite inclusive and good at embracing different things and different forms of beauty. Its a very liberal industry. You can be yourself. Just not overweight.
My mum is my beauty icon, because she represents what I think beauty is.
My everyday job is about superficial beauty, but when Im not working I prefer to work on my inner beauty - I read a lot, I try to learn.
Beauty, of course, is the most important requirement and the paramount asset of the applicant.
In all my career, in my ups and downs, Ive never had a beauty campaign. This was meaningful that at almost 41 years old, I could be getting my first beauty campaign. It made me feel really great.
Im 40 and I just got my first beauty campaign with Clairol Nice and Easy.
This was meaningful that at almost 41 years old, I could be getting my first beauty campaign.
Beauty, like truth, is relative to the time when one lives and to the individual who can grasp it. The expression of beauty is in direct ratio to the power of conception the artist has acquired.
Visual surprise is natural in the Caribbean it comes with the landscape, and faced with its beauty, the sigh of History dissolves.
I know no subject more elevating, more amazing, more ready to the poetical enthusiasm, the philosophical reflection, and the moral sentiment than the works of nature. Where can we meet such variety, such beauty, such magnificence?
For, when with beauty we can virtue join, We paint the semblance of a form divine.
Ive just finished reading a book about the brilliant Margaret Rutherford. She wasnt a beauty, but inside she was absolutely blazing and passionate about her work. Shes one of those life-affirming characters.
My definition of love is being full. Complete. It makes everything lighter. Beauty is something you see. Love is something you feel.
Through my optimism I naturally prefer and capture the beauty in life.
I like to find the beauty in the ugly. When Im in a thrift store, I gravitate toward pieces I know Ill wear a ton, and insane pieces that Im sure most people would consider gross. But I find them inspiring. Our van is currently stocked with some of my random findings from this tour. Maybe Ill call my aesthetic van fashion.
Beauty is everything.
Instead, it appears to be a particular mark of beauty that it is considered with tranquil satisfaction that it pleases if we also do not possess it and we are still far removed from demanding to possess it.
I was always anti-marriage. I didnt understand monogamy. I couldnt figure out how that could last. And then I met Bryn and I started to understand the beauty of constancy and history and change and going on the roller coaster with someone - of having a partner in life.
Life deprived of beauty is not worthy of being called human.
Rich mens houses are seldom beautiful, rarely comfortable, and never original. It is a constant source of surprise to people of moderate means to observe how little a big fortune contributes to Beauty.
The best beauty advice I ever received is to keep skin hydrated and limit harsh exposure to the sun. If you are set on the tanned look, there are plenty of great creams that will give you a healthy-looking glow.
I maintain my inner beauty by trying to lead a balanced life in general. I try to eat healthy foods, but... that doesnt mean I wont treat myself now and then! I work out almost every day, which gives me more energy and helps me feel stronger. I also try to be a genuinely good person to the people around me.
Acting is still, of course, what I love to do most. The beauty of it is that by changing characters, it never gets boring.
I always say beauty is only sin deep.
All I wanted was to connect my moods with those of Paris. Beauty paints and when it painted most, I shot.
Coming in solemn beauty like slow old tunes of Spain.
Where is there beauty when you see deprivation and starvation?
Beauty doesnt matter because in the end, we all lose our looks and all we have is our heart.
We have to get back to the beauty of just being alive in this present moment.
In prison, inmates sometimes use Cheetos and grape juice as makeup. I wouldnt use that beauty regimen around Britney Spears - she might lick your face off!
I feel fortunate that Im not a beauty. Im not a classic beauty. I feel it is harder for girls who are like that. There are fewer parts.
But my most favourite pursuit, after my daily exertions at the Foundry, was Astronomy. There were frequently clear nights when the glorious objects in the Heavens were seen in most attractive beauty and brilliancy.
To copy beauty forfeits all pretense to fame to copy faults is want of sense.
Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew, Whose short refresh upon tender green, Cheers for a time, but till the sun doth show And straight is gone, as it had never been.
What I loved about Summer was that they were these four bright kids with a wonderful future. In a way, she was the one with the brains, and then you have the beauty queen and the jock and the introvert.
Stories arent the beauty of what did happen. Theyre the beauty of what could happen.
I will admit to hoarding beauty products. Im a beauty lady.
Beauty, unlike the rest of the gifts handed out at birth, does not require dedication, patience and hard work to pay off. But its also the only gift that does not keep on giving.
Beauty magazines make my girlfriend feel ugly.
Coercion may prevent many transgressions but it robs even actions which are legal of a part of their beauty. Freedom may lead to many transgressions, but it lends even to vices a less ignoble form.
People come to see beauty, and I dance to give it to them.
And beauty immortal awakes from the tomb.
I do believe very much in the idea of unexpected or convulsive beauty - beauty in the service of liberty.
The double hundred Fowler hit in the Madras Test was an absolute beauty.
Everyone can identify with a fragrant garden, with beauty of sunset, with the quiet of nature, with a warm and cozy cottage.
People who put my paintings on their walls are putting their values on their walls: faith, family, home, a simpler way of living, the beauty of nature, quiet, tranquillity, peace, joy, hope. They beckon you into this world that provides an alternative to your nightly news broadcast.
Hold fast to youth and beauty.
Tramping is too easy with all this money. My days were more exciting when I was penniless and had to forage around for my next meal... Ive decided that Im going to live this life for some time to come. The freedom and simple beauty of it is just too good to pass up.
It never seems to occur to some people, that, like beauty, a sense of humor may sometimes be fatal.
The closest thing I use to beauty products is the grease on the pizza from Johns Pizzeria.
Im very proud of my love for Whitney Houston. She really changed my life. She made my life a better life. She was so beautiful in her love for God, her love for her family and her love for music. She truly loved her music. She could do everything! She had flawless rhythm, flawless pitch, flawless feeling, and flawless beauty.
I first fell in love with music when I was a little boy. When I first heard music, I felt the beauty in it. Then, being able to tap along on a table top and box was great, but my favorite thing to do was to watch records spin. I would almost get hypnotized by it. These things are what drew me in initially.
Im not a party animal I took my job as Miss USA very seriously... Sometimes, of course, I want to let it all go. Even though Im a beauty queen, youre also an unofficial ambassador, and theres a lot of pressure.
The beauty of dystopia is that it lets us vicariously experience future worlds - but we still have the power to change our own.
I have a fantastic wife, and not only in terms of external beauty. Her priority and mine is our children. That is our choice.
I played with the same band for years and years and theres a beauty to having one solid core that you keep exploring. On the other hand, its nice to throw yourself in different situations where you find out things about your own resources.
The ever increasing spiritual damage caused by life within the big city will make this hunger practically uncontrollable when we build here on this the landscape of our homeland we must be clear that we will protect its beauty.
In places where this beauty has already disappeared, we will reconstruct it.
The awesomeness of God is that even in the works of the Beach Boys, Beatles, etc., the beauty of the music is a mere reflection of what God does everyday. He creates music of all kinds and moods.
It is conventional to call monster any blending of dissonant elements. I call monster every original inexhaustible beauty.
As long as I love Beauty I am young.
When I first thought of the idea for Sweet Valley High, I loved the idea of high school as microcosm of the real world. And what I really liked was how it moved things on from Sleeping Beauty-esque romance novels where the girl had to wait for the hero. This would be girl-driven, very different, I decided - and indeed it is.
Though there might not be any easy answers to the problem of poverty, its most compelling scribes do not resign themselves to representation solely for the sake of those age-old verities of truth and beauty.
Far from creating a new formalism, what these can yield is something far transcending surface values since they not only embody form as beauty, but also form in which intuitions or ideas or conjectures have taken visible substance.
Beauty: the adjustment of all parts proportionately so that one cannot add or subtract or change without impairing the harmony of the whole.
Time takes the ugliness and horror out of death and turns it into beauty.
Im not out here to win a beauty contest.
I think Whitman more than any other poet possessed the gift of revealing to others the beauty of everything around us, the beauty of nature, the beauty of human beings.
Im not trying to stump anybody... its the beauty of the language that Im interested in.
Suddenly life has new meaning to me, theres beauty up above and things we never take notice of, you wake up suddenly youre in love.
Beauty is altogether in the eye of the beholder.
Perfect health, like perfect beauty, is a rare thing and so, it seems, is perfect disease.
The beauty of having short hair is that I actually can wash and style it at home!
The cottage garden most for use designed, Yet not of beauty destitute.
You will also allow me to thank the Academy for inviting me to lecture in Stockholm, for its hospitality, and for the opportunity afforded me for admiring the charm of your people and the beauty of your country.
Its harder, but were still finding oil in Oklahoma today. The bar has been raised on startup companies, but it can still be done. Every regulation and every rule limits you, but, yes, it can still be done. Thats the beauty of living in a free country and having the freedom to have an idea and become an entrepreneur.
Great designers seldom make great advertising men, because they get overcome by the beauty of the picture - and forget that merchandise must be sold.
The beauty of the past belongs to the past.
It is important to fund young researchers who want to do curiosity-driven research. Curiosity-driven research is a part of life. Some people are curious. They want to learn more about nature and society should help that. Its like art: you can learn more and bring more beauty.
I have no right to beauty. I had been condemned to masculine ugliness.
Search for beauty without features, something deeper than any signs.
I have several computer companies. One of them I have a program for wide-format printing. I have a beauty program. So I have several different programs that I own for printing.
There are elements of intrinsic beauty in the simplification of a house built on the log cabin idea.
First, there is the bare beauty of the logs themselves with their long lines and firm curves. Then there is the open charm felt of the structural features which are not hidden under plaster and ornament, but are clearly revealed, a charm felt in Japanese architecture.
There is an abiding beauty which may be appreciated by those who will see things as they are and who will ask for no reward except to see.
I think love and beauty are what life is all about.
Beauty is the first test: there is no permanent place in the world for ugly mathematics.
For the greater beauty of the instrument, the balls representing the planets are to be of considerable bigness but so contrived, that they may be taken off at pleasure, and others, much smaller, and fitter for some purposes, put in their places.
Literature boils with the madcap careers of writers brought to the edge by the demands of living on their nerves, wringing out their memories and their nightmares to extract meaning, truth, beauty.
I have a book out called The Beauty Equation and it discusses how off track we have gone in considering beauty.
Jazz is a very democratic musical form. It comes out of a communal experience. We take our respective instruments and collectively create a thing of beauty.
But I fear, my lot being cast in Scotland, that beauty would not be content.
For most people, we often marvel at the beauty of a sunrise or the magnificence of a full moon, but it is impossible to fathom the magnitude of the universe that surrounds us.
Hath the spirit of all beauty Kissed you in the path of duty?
There are two kinds of artists in this world those that work because the spirit is in them, and they cannot be silent if they would, and those that speak from a conscientious desire to make apparent to others the beauty that has awakened their own admiration.
We Orientals find beauty not only in the thing itself but in the pattern of the shadows, the light and darkness which that thing provides.
Mathematics are the result of mysterious powers which no one understands, and which the unconscious recognition of beauty must play an important part. Out of an infinity of designs a mathematician chooses one pattern for beautys sake and pulls it down to earth.
A small house must depend on its grouping with other houses for its beauty, and for the preservation of light air and the maximum of surrounding open space.
Personality is more important than beauty, but imagination is more important than both of them.
You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen. But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your own souls doing.
And queenly is the state she keeps, In beautys lofty trust secure.
If beauty isnt genius it usually signals at least a high level of animal cunning.
I dont know what the secret to longevity as an actress is. Its more than talent and beauty. Maybe its the audience seeing itself in you.
The beauty of women was the first expression of my photography.
What I want to give in the theatre is beauty, thats what I want to give.
I want the Arabic Granada, that which is art, which is all that seems to me beauty and emotion.
The flowers anew, returning seasons bring but beauty faded has no second spring.
Those who find beauty in all of nature will find themselves at one with the secrets of life itself.
All the beauty of the world, tis but skin deep.
Beauty is the still birth of suffering, every woman knows that.
I feel by posing for Playboy Ive discovered my own sexuality and beauty, and I feel more confident than ever.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting.
In the practice of tolerance, ones enemy is the best teacher.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.
I do the very best I know how - the very best I can and I mean to keep on doing so until the end.
The best road to progress is freedoms road.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Learn to say no to the good so you can say yes to the best.
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.
In times of great stress or adversity, its always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
At his best, man is the noblest of all animals separated from law and justice he is the worst.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.
The best revenge is massive success.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
Its a funny thing about life if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there.
The best way to keep ones word is not to give it.
To give and then not feel that one has given is the very best of all ways of giving.
Living well is the best revenge.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
Clever men are good, but they are not the best.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
I always prefer to believe the best of everybody, it saves so much trouble.
The best thing to do with the best things in life is to give them up.
The worst men often give the best advice.
We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal weve established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.
The best thing about animals is that they dont talk much.
I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it.
The best things in life are unexpected - because there were no expectations.
I will do my best. That is all I can do. I ask for your help - and Gods.
Best to live lightly, unthinkingly.
The best doctors in the world are Doctor Diet, Doctor Quiet, and Doctor Merryman.
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
A problem is a chance for you to do your best.
Whether its the best of times or the worst of times, its the only time weve got.
He who has done his best for his own time has lived for all times.
Youll live. Only the best get killed.
This is the precept by which I have lived: Prepare for the worst expect the best and take what comes.
Most of the things we decide are not what we know to be the best. We say yes, merely because we are driven into a corner and must say something.
There is only one real sin and that is to persuade oneself that the second best is anything but second best.
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.
Since we live in this world, we have to do our best for this world.
Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation. Wholeheartedness is contagious. Give yourself, if you wish to get others.
First gain the victory and then make the best use of it you can.
The best way to navigate through life is to give up all of our controls.
When you do not know what you are doing and what you are doing is the best - that is inspiration.
The creed of a true saint is to make the best of life, and to make the most of it.
Just do what you do best.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.
My formula for living is quite simple. I get up in the morning and I go to bed at night. In between, I occupy myself as best I can.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.
Sleep is the best meditation.
The things I want to know are in books my best friend is the man wholl get me a book I aint read.
You cant stop loving or wanting to love because when its right its the best thing in the world. When youre in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil in its worst state, an intolerable one.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
I believe God is managing affairs and that He doesnt need any advice from me. With God in charge, I believe everything will work out for the best in the end. So what is there to worry about.
My mama always used to tell me: If you cant find somethin to live for, you best find somethin to die for.
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.
Common looking people are the best in the world: that is the reason the Lord makes so many of them.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
The age of a woman doesnt mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles.
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us.
The best proof of love is trust.
All the adversity Ive had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
For a people who are free, and who mean to remain so, a well-organized and armed militia is their best security.
Ones philosophy is not best expressed in words it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.
The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.
I never had a policy I have just tried to do my very best each and every day.
If its your job to eat a frog, its best to do it first thing in the morning. And If its your job to eat two frogs, its best to eat the biggest one first.
Honesty is the best policy.
I want it said of me by those who knew me best, that I always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where I thought a flower would grow.
Outside of a dog, a book is a mans best friend. Inside of a dog its too dark to read.
In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free - honorable alike in what we give and what we preserve. We shall nobly save, or meanly lose, the last best hope of earth.
The best way to get a bad law repealed is to enforce it strictly.
The best way to resolve any problem in the human world is for all sides to sit down and talk.
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, its best to let him run.
We have the best government that money can buy.
The time comes upon every public man when it is best for him to keep his lips closed.
It is no use saying, We are doing our best. You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
I am easily satisfied with the very best.
The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.
It is not best that we should all think alike it is a difference of opinion that makes horse races.
If you die youre completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. Im not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope Ive got.
The best way out is always through.
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Prosperity is the best protector of principle.
He who knows best knows how little he knows.
The short words are best, and the old words are the best of all.
Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.
In war as in life, it is often necessary when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might.
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.
Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very fast.
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood.
If Im honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all.
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven dont want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Lifes change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another.
The best smell in the world is that man that you love.
The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away.
To wear your heart on your sleeve isnt a very good plan you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
But men are men the best sometimes forget.
Surround yourself with the best people you can find, delegate authority, and dont interfere as long as the policy youve decided upon is being carried out.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges.
Infinite striving to be the best is mans duty it is its own reward. Everything else is in Gods hands.
My experience has been that work is almost the best way to pull oneself out of the depths.
I can not believe that war is the best solution. No one won the last war, and no one will win the next war.
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
Why dont you start believing that no matter what you have or havent done, that your best days are still out in front of you.
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, youre always going to find a hip-hop tape thats all I buy, thats all I live, thats all I listen to, thats all I love.
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy.
You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give.
We have the power to make this the best generation of mankind in the history of the world or to make it the last.
If liberty and equality, as is thought by some, are chiefly to be found in democracy, they will be best attained when all persons alike share in government to the utmost.
What we have found in this country, and maybe were more aware of it now, is one problem that weve had, even in the best of times, and that is the people who are sleeping on the grates, the homeless, you might say, by choice.
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.
A man is relieved and gay when he has put his heart into his work and done his best but what he has said or done otherwise shall give him no peace.
Those who govern, having much business on their hands, do not generally like to take the trouble of considering and carrying into execution new projects. The best public measures are therefore seldom adopted from previous wisdom, but forced by the occasion.
Hunger is the best pickle.
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances.
It might be said now that I have the best of both worlds. A Harvard education and a Yale degree.
A blessed thing it is for any man or woman to have a friend, one human soul whom we can trust utterly, who knows the best and worst of us, and who loves us in spite of all our faults.
A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble.
Fatigue is the best pillow.
That government is best which governs least.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice the gift.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that youre generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
I always believe that to be the best, you have to smell like the best, dress like the best, act like the best. When you throw your trash in the garbage can, it has to be better than anybody else who ever threw trash in the garbage can.
I think its brought the world a lot closer together, and will continue to do that. There are downsides to everything there are unintended consequences to everything. The most corrosive piece of technology that Ive ever seen is called television - but then, again, television, at its best, is magnificent.
Do the best you can, and dont take life too serious.
Remember, always give your best. Never get discouraged. Never be petty. Always remember, others may hate you. But those who hate you dont win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself.
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil.
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing whats going to happen next.
The worst thing that happens to you may be the best thing for you if you dont let it get the best of you.
Dont be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.
Society in every state is a blessing, but government, even in its best stage, is but a necessary evil in its worst state an intolerable one.
It is difficult to make our material condition better by the best law, but it is easy enough to ruin it by bad laws.
Our goal is to make the best devices in the world, not to be the biggest.
If youre doing your best, you wont have any time to worry about failure.
Civilization had too many rules for me, so I did my best to rewrite them.
A failure is not always a mistake, it may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances. The real mistake is to stop trying.
To help yourself, you must be yourself. Be the best that you can be. When you make a mistake, learn from it, pick yourself up and move on.
We think the Mac will sell zillions, but we didnt build the Mac for anybody else. We built it for ourselves. We were the group of people who were going to judge whether it was great or not. We werent going to go out and do market research. We just wanted to build the best thing we could build.
If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. The thing is to get the work done.
I know my country has not perfected itself. At times, weve struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people. Weve made our share of mistakes, and there are times when our actions around the world have not lived up to our best intentions.
So lets not use a stylus. Were going to use the best pointing device in the world. Were going to use a pointing device that were all born with - born with ten of them. Were going to use our fingers. Were going to touch this with our fingers. And we have invented a new technology called multi-touch, which is phenomenal. It works like magic.
We hire people who want to make the best things in the world.
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, theyre fun, they do things together, theyre best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, theyre going to respect Mom.
Dont lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations. Expect the best of yourself, and then do what is necessary to make it a reality.
A national political campaign is better than the best circus ever heard of, with a mass baptism and a couple of hangings thrown in.
The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you I the best place for the next moment.
An educated person is one who has learned that information almost always turns out to be at best incomplete and very often false, misleading, fictitious, mendacious - just dead wrong.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
In fact, the best thing we could do on taxes for all Americans is to simplify the individual tax code. This will be a tough job, but members of both parties have expressed an interest in doing this, and I am prepared to join them.
Look your best - who said love is blind?
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best.
I just think it is important that you realize , that youre the best in the world. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican or whether youre libertarian or whatever, you are the best. And we should not ever forget that. And when somebody does not do the job, we got to let them go.
The best way out of a difficulty is through it.
We can choose a future where we export more products and outsource fewer jobs. After a decade that was defined by what we bought and borrowed, were getting back to basics, and doing what America has always done best: Were making things again.
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.
My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way.
Excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism.
Theres a victory, and defeat the first and best of victories, the lowest and worst of defeats which each man gains or sustains at the hands not of another, but of himself.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
A mans friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.
In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemys country whole and intact to shatter and destroy it is not so good.
Cynical realism is the intelligent mans best excuse for doing nothing in an intolerable situation.
When a place gets crowded enough to require IDs, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
For a long time now I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can.
Life doesnt require that we be the best, only that we try our best.
God is not on the side of the big battalions, but on the side of those who shoot best.
Never argue at the dinner table, for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument.
It has always been my belief that a man should do his best, regardless of how much he receives for his services, or the number of people he may be serving or the class of people served.
I was raised to believe that excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism. And thats how I operate my life.
Compromise is the best and cheapest lawyer.
Your purpose is to make your audience see what you saw, hear what you heard, feel what you felt. Relevant detail, couched in concrete, colorful language, is the best way to recreate the incident as it happened and to picture it for the audience.
The best way to sell yourself to others is first to sell the others to yourself.
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.
One thing is sure. We have to do something. We have to do the best we know how at the moment... If it doesnt turn out right, we can modify it as we go along.
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If theyre okay, then its you.
That is what we are supposed to do when we are at our best - make it all up - but make it up so truly that later it will happen that way.
The best is the enemy of the good.
Marilyn Monroe wasnt even her real name, Charles Manson isnt his real name, and now, Im taking that to be my real name. But whats real? You cant find the truth, you just pick the lie you like the best.
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears it is true.
The best activities for your health are pumping and humping.
In this world youve just got to hope for the best and prepare for the worst and take whatever God sends.
The best government is a benevolent tyranny tempered by an occasional assassination.
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited.
In a completely rational society, the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something else.
All significant truths are private truths. As they become public they cease to become truths they become facts, or at best, part of the public character or at worst, catchwords.
The best way to be boring is to leave nothing out.
We would all like to vote for the best man but he is never a candidate.
Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments.
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
Dont let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.
Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated.
Among the natural rights of the colonists are these: First a right to life, secondly to liberty, and thirdly to property together with the right to defend them in the best manner they can.
The best government is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.
Just do the best you can. No one can do more than that.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
The death of my father is probably the biggest thing that I ever faced. Daddy and I were best friends.
The genius of the United States is not best or most in its executives or legislatures, nor in its ambassadors or authors or colleges, or churches, or parlors, nor even in its newspapers or inventors, but always most in the common people.
The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance - the idea that anything is possible.
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Which government is the best? The one that teaches us to govern ourselves.
About astrology and palmistry: they are good because they make people vivid and full of possibilities. They are communism at its best. Everybody has a birthday and almost everybody has a palm.
Luck marches with those who give their very best.
I find that the best way to do things is to constantly move forward and to never doubt anything and keep moving forward, if you make a mistake say you made a mistake.
In art the best is good enough.
One cannot develop taste from what is of average quality but only from the very best.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.
Best of all is it to preserve everything in a pure, still heart, and let there be for every pulse a thanksgiving, and for every breath a song.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
It is always the best policy to speak the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
To refrain from imitation is the best revenge.
Yesm, old friends is always best, less you can catch a new one thats fit to make an old one out of.
The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity.
There is an infinite difference between a little wrong and just right, between fairly good and the best, between mediocrity and superiority.
I just want to do what I do best, and thats fight. I love it.
No one can really honestly be the very best, no one.
Some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses.
You must accept that you might fail then, if you do your best and still dont win, at least you can be satisfied that youve tried. If you dont accept failure as a possibility, you dont set high goals, you dont branch out, you dont try - you dont take the risk.
You always want to quit while you are ahead. You dont want to be like a fighter who stays too long in the ring until youre not performing at your best.
To be successful in real estate, you must always and consistently put your clients best interests first. When you do, your personal needs will be realized beyond your greatest expectations.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
The 1st period is won by the best technician. The 2nd period is won by the kid in the best shape. The 3rd period is won by the kid with the biggest heart.
Theres a lot of great movies that have won the Academy Award, and a lot of great movies that havent. You just do the best you can.
I believe the best service to the child is the service closest to the child, and children who are victims of neglect, abuse, or abandonment must not also be victims of bureaucracy. They deserve our devoted attention, not our divided attention.
The trite saying that honesty is the best policy has met with the just criticism that honesty is not policy. The real honest man is honest from conviction of what is right, not from policy.
We must stop thinking of the individual and start thinking about what is best for society.
If you felt that excitement when you voted for Barack Obama, shouldnt you feel that way now that hes President Obama? You know theres something wrong with the kind of job hes done as president when the best feeling you had was the day you voted for him.
The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil.
To study the abnormal is the best way of understanding the normal.
A well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained in arms, is the best most natural defense of a free country.
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
Massachusetts children cannot only lead the nation in test scores, they can be competitive with the best in the world. And the gap in achievement among races can virtually disappear.
I want you to remember when our White House reflected the best of who we are, not the worst of what Europe has become.
The strength and power and goodness of America has always been based on the strength and power and goodness of our communities, our families, our faiths. That is the bedrock of what makes America, America. In our best days, we can feel the vibrancy of Americas communities, large and small.
I have long since come to believe that people never mean half of what they say, and that it is best to disregard their talk and judge only their actions.
Nearly all the best things that came to me in life have been unexpected, unplanned by me.
The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency.
Achievement is not always success, while reputed failure often is. It is honest endeavor, persistent effort to do the best possible under any and all circumstances.
Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world.
The things we know best are the things we havent been taught.
Surround yourself with good people. Whether theyre the best or not, people are capable of learning if theyve got good hearts and theyre good souls.
Always Do Your Best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body.
The best weapon of a dictatorship is secrecy, but the best weapon of a democracy should be the weapon of openness.
I think what makes our marriage work amid all the glare is that my husband is my best friend. He inspires everything in my life and enables me to do the best that I can. I want to hang out with him more than anyone.
Now I see the secret of making the best person: it is to grow in the open air and to eat and sleep with the earth.
Laughter is not a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is the best ending for one.
What we call wisdom is the result of all the wisdom of past ages. Our best institutions are like young trees growing upon the roots of the old trunks that have crumbled away.
The best way of removing negativity is to laugh and be joyous.
Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false.
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.
With my wife I dont get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to the best woman a man ever had. The waiter joined me.
The best and safest thing is to keep a balance in your life, acknowledge the great powers around us and in us. If you can do that, and live that way, you are really a wise man.
The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
The best argument I know for an immortal life is the existence of a man who deserves one.
Set up another case bartender! The best thing for a case of nerves is a case of Scotch.
Toleration is the best religion.
Speak when you are angry - and youll make the best speech youll ever regret.
Stubborn and ardent clinging to ones opinion is the best proof of stupidity.
The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.
Genius always gives its best at first prudence, at last.
Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether its business or baseball, or the theater, or any field. If you dont love what youre doing and you cant give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. Youll be an old man before you know it.
That best portion of a mans life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
I lead no party I follow no leader. I have given the best part of my life to careful study of Islam, its law and polity, its culture, its history and its literature.
I dont want to do business with those who dont make a profit, because they cant give the best service.
No man who worships education has got the best out of education... Without a gentle contempt for education no mans education is complete.
Use what talents you possess the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
A womans best protection is a little money of her own.
People who lean on logic and philosophy and rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind.
The most basic question is not what is best, but who shall decide what is best.
I dont know why, its the same reason why you like some music and you dont like others. Theres something about it that you like. Ultimately I dont find its in my best interests to try and analyze it, since its fundamentally emotional.
I am not a perfect servant. I am a public servant doing my best against the odds. As I develop and serve, be patient. God is not finished with me yet.
Of all the home remedies, a good wife is best.
Everywhere I go, Im asked if I think the universities stifle writers. My opinion is that they dont stifle enough of them. Theres many a best seller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
These things bring you to reality as to how fragile you are at the same moment you are doing something that nobody else is able to do. The same moment that you are seen as the best, the fastest and somebody that cannot be touched, you are enormously fragile.
I was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was as good as new. What is broken is broken - and Id rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as I lived.
Goals provide the energy source that powers our lives. One of the best ways we can get the most from the energy we have is to focus it. That is what goals can do for us concentrate our energy.
The deferring of anger is the best antidote to anger.
Man, being reasonable, must get drunk the best of life is but intoxication.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
I think every girl needs to love herself, regardless of anything. Like if youre having a bad day, if you dont like your hair, if you dont have the best family situation, whatever, you have to love yourself and you cant do anything until you love yourself first.
Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. Its when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks.
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
Let us put theology out of religion. Theology has always sent the worst to heaven, the best to hell.
Now I know that Wal-Marts policies do not reflect the best way of doing business and the values that I think are important in America.
I am someone who hopes for the best and prepares for the worst.
Sculpture is the best comment that a painter can make on painting.
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a persons day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.
The best way to know God is to love many things.
The best portion of a good mans life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
The best part about being alone is that you really dont have to answer to anybody. You do what you want.
I am neither frustrated nor planning anything other than being the best Secretary of State I could be.
There is no doubt that America remains the premier political, economic, military power in the world, and I both expect and count on it remaining so, because I think thats certainly in our best interest but also the best interests of the world.
The best morale exist when you never hear the word mentioned. When you hear a lot of talk about it, its usually lousy.
I may be as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
Take those chances and you can achieve greatness, whereas if you go conservative, youll never know. I truly believe what doesnt kill you makes you stronger. Even if you fail, learning and moving on is sometimes the best thing.
But I always think that the best way to know God is to love many things.
Prescription: A physicians guess at what will best prolong the situation with least harm to the patient.
Part of the reason for the ugliness of adults, in a childs eyes, is that the child is usually looking upwards, and few faces are at their best when seen from below.
There is only one thing for us to do, and that is to do our level best right where we are every day of our lives To use our best judgment, and then to trust the rest to that Power which holds the forces of the universe in his hands.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make.
Employees make the best dates. You dont have to pick them up and theyre always tax-deductible.
Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised.
I have found that being honest is the best technique I can use. Right up front, tell people what youre trying to accomplish and what youre willing to sacrifice to accomplish it.
No man really knows about other human beings. The best he can do is to suppose that they are like himself.
I have found it advisable not to give too much heed to what people say when I am trying to accomplish something of consequence. Invariably they proclaim it cant be done. I deem that the very best time to make the effort.
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. Its the best part of the day.
The best time for you to hold your tongue is the time you feel you must say something or bust.
If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order.
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
Research has shown that the best way to be happy is to make each day happy.
A boys story is the best that is ever told.
Being forced to work, and forced to do your best, will breed in you temperance and self-control, diligence and strength of will, cheerfulness and content, and a hundred virtues which the idle will never know.
The best way to obtain truth and wisdom is not to ask from books, but to go to God in prayer, and obtain divine teaching.
Heres what I tell anybody and this is what I believe. The greatest gift we have is the gift of life. We understand that. That comes from our Creator. Were given a body. Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized.
Being a blockhead is sometimes the best security against being cheated by a man of wit.
It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellowmen.
The best thing about giving of ourselves is that what we get is always better than what we give. The reaction is greater than the action.
If youre feeling insecure and you need to feel special, the best place to go is somewhere foreign where people treat you as special because youre different.
No man fails who does his best.
The size of your accomplishments, the quality of your achievement, will depend very largely on how big a man you see in yourself, what sort of image you get of your possible self, yourself at your best.
Fit no stereotypes. Dont chase the latest management fads. The situation dictates which approach best accomplishes the teams mission.
I think we all have blocks between us and the best version of ourselves, whether its shyness, insecurity, anxiety, whether its a physical block, and the story of a person overcoming that block to their best self. Its truly inspiring because I think all of us are engaged in that every day.
In the misfortunes of our best friends we always find something not altogether displeasing to us.
Life is short and if youre looking for extension, you had best do well. Cause theres good deeds and then theres good intentions. They are as far apart as Heaven and Hell.
I find myself hoping a total end of all the unhappy divisions of mankind by party-spirit, which at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few.
Wishful thinking is not idealism. It is self-indulgence at best and self-exaltation at worst. In either case, it is usually at the expense of others. In other words, it is the opposite of idealism.
Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.
As a general rule, the most successful man in life is the man who has the best information.
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people.
The best time I ever had with Joan Crawford was when I pushed her down the stairs in Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?
The intention to live as long as possible isnt one of the minds best intentions, because quantity isnt the same as quality.
The future hasnt happened yet and the past is gone. So I think the only moment we have is right here and now, and I try to make the best of those moments, the moments that Im in.
The noir hero is a knight in blood caked armor. Hes dirty and he does his best to deny the fact that hes a hero the whole time.
I looked on child rearing not only as a work of love and duty but as a profession that was fully as interesting and challenging as any honorable profession in the world and one that demanded the best that I could bring to it.
For Forms of Government let fools contest whatever is best administered is best.
The best thing we can do if we want the Russians to let us be Americans is to let the Russians be Russian.
You should read history and look at ostracism, persecution, martyrdom, and that kind of thing. They always happen to the best men, you know.
Brevity is the best recommendation of speech, whether in a senator or an orator.
We should often feel ashamed of our best actions if the world could see all the motives which produced them.
We should often blush for our very best actions, if the world did but see all the motives upon which they were done.
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
I love that for Barack, there is no such thing as us and them - he doesnt care whether youre a Democrat, a Republican, or none of the above... he knows that we all love our country... and hes always ready to listen to good ideas... hes always looking for the very best in everyone he meets.
Use those talents you have. You will make it. You will give joy to the world. Take this tip from nature: The woods would be a very silent place if no birds sang except those who sang best.
The wildest colts make the best horses.
The best interpreter of the law is custom.
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.
Blondes make the best victims. Theyre like virgin snow that shows up the bloody footprints.
Education must provide the opportunities for self-fulfillment it can at best provide a rich and challenging environment for the individual to explore, in his own way.
You must be worthy of the best, but not more worthy than the rest.
As long as you as an individual... can convince yourself that in order to move forward as best you can you have to be optimistic, you can be described as one of the faithful, one of those people who can say, Well, look, somethings going to happen! Lets just keep trying. Lets not give up.
I think the best thing I can do is to be a distraction. A husband lives and breathes his work all day long. If he comes home to more table thumping, how can the poor man ever relax?
Focused. Im a hustler. And my hustle is trying to figure out the best ways to do what I like without having to do much else.
You may call God love, you may call God goodness. But the best name for God is compassion.
I want to talk to the bullied kids of the world. Tell them to hang on, it will get better. Know that an Iron Chef, actors, musicians, artists and all successful people have probably been bullied in their life. And the best part of your life is yet to come. Whatever it takes to live, do it!
Beer, its the best damn drink in the world.
If anything I try to write something that would be more difficult to film. I tend to see film as competition and would like instead to do what books do best.
Do you remember when you were 10 or 11 years old and you really thought your folks were the best? They were completely omniscient and you took their word for everything. And then you got older and you went through this hideous age when suddenly they were the devil, they were bullies, and they didnt know anything.
The principle of all successful effort is to try to do not what is absolutely the best, but what is easily within our power, and suited for our temperament and condition.
Everyone is your best friend when you are successful. Make sure that the people that you surround yourself with are also the people that you are not afraid of failing with.
A majority is always better than the best repartee.
The best security for civilization is the dwelling, and upon properly appointed and becoming dwellings depends, more than anything else, the improvement of mankind.
Words are not as satisfactory as we should like them to be, but, like our neighbours, we have got to live with them and must make the best and not the worst of them.
This is the patent age of new inventions for killing bodies, and for saving souls. All propagated with the best intentions.
Its best to have failure happen early in life. It wakes up the Phoenix bird in you so you rise from the ashes.
At best the family teaches the finest things human beings can learn from one another generosity and love. But it is also, all too often, where we learn nasty things like hate, rage and shame.
The best thing commercially, which is the worst artistically, by and large, is the most successful.
In the beginning there was the word. The word was Jah. The word is in I, Jah is in I. I make what is good, better, and what is better, best. I follow this in every aspect of life.
I dont care whether people like me or dislike me. Im not on earth to win a popularity contest. Im here to be the best human being I possibly can be.
The promises of this world are, for the most part, vain phantoms and to confide in ones self, and become something of worth and value is the best and safest course.
The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.
Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves.
Voting is a right best exercised by people who have taken time to learn about the issues.
The best work is not what is most difficult for you it is what you do best.
I have believed the best of every man. And find that to believe is enough to make a bad man show him at his best, or even a good man swings his lantern higher.
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best.
There is only one failure in life possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows.
Im proof against that word failure. Ive seen behind it. The only failure a man ought to fear is failure of cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best.
The best augury of a mans success in his profession is that he thinks it the finest in the world.
For what is love itself, for the one we love best? An enfolding of immeasurable cares which yet are better than any joys outside our love.
If youre lucky enough to have a pretty girl love you and share herself and sleep with you, make that your secret. The best way to spoil love is by talking to too many people about it.
You hear the best stories from ordinary people. That sense of immediacy is more real to me than a lot of writerly, literary-type crafted stories. I want that immediacy when I read a novel.
Some of the best ideas I get seem to happen when Im doing mindless manual labor or exercise. Im not sure how that happens, but it leaves me free for remarkable ideas to occur.
Events will take their course, it is no good of being angry at them he is happiest who wisely turns them to the best account.
Economy is the basis of society. When the economy is stable, society develops. The ideal economy combines the spiritual and the material, and the best commodities to trade in are sincerity and love.
Dictionaries are like watches, the worst is better than none and the best cannot be expected to go quite true.
Silence is true wisdoms best reply.
Education is the leading of human souls to what is best, and making what is best out of them.
Certainly the best works, and of greatest merit for the public, have proceeded from the unmarried, or childless men.
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.
After all, the best part of a holiday is perhaps not so much to be resting yourself, as to see all the other fellows busy working.
Choose your companions from the best Who draws a bucket with the rest soon topples down the hill.
Also, if you want to reach people, theatre is not always the best way to do it.
Let me recommend the best medicine in the world: a long journey, at a mild season, through a pleasant country, in easy stages.
He who knows no hardships will know no hardihood. He who faces no calamity will need no courage. Mysterious though it is, the characteristics in human nature which we love best grow in a soil with a strong mixture of troubles.
In writing and politicking, its best not to think about it, just do it.
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.
Employees are a companys greatest asset - theyre your competitive advantage. You want to attract and retain the best provide them with encouragement, stimulus, and make them feel that they are an integral part of the companys mission.
I really feel like life will dictate itself. You should allow it to unfold as naturally as possible. Just go with the flow. When youre really desperate, you say a few prayers and hope for the best. Thats the way Ive always lived my life.
I have made the choices that work best for me. I know I cannot please everyone, and thats fine.
Science is simply common sense at its best, that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.
Things are never quite as scary when youve got a best friend.
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
The best way in the world to deceive believers is to cloak a message in religious language and declare that it conveys some new insight from God.
An excuse becomes an obstacle in your journey to success when it is made in place of your best effort or when it is used as the object of the blame.
There are people and nations, Mother, that I would like to say to you by name. I entrust them to you in silence, I entrust them to you in the way that you know best.
I love my wife and I know she loves me. Were best friends. Were just lucky to have found each other. It takes a lot of work but I just feel very blessed that I found the right person. Its a very fortunate situation and not everyone has that.
Falling in love is the best way to kill your heart because then its not yours anymore. Its laid in a coffin, waiting to be cremated.
The human body is the best picture of the human soul.
As you know from school, its when you have not prepared for the test that you have the fear of failing. And if you have prepared, even if you fail, youve done your best.
Land really is the best art.
How long most people would look at the best book before they would give the price of a large turbot for it?
Nearly all the powerful people of this age are unbelievers, the best of them in doubt and misery, the most in plodding hesitation, doing as well as they can, what practical work lies at hand.
The art which we may call generally art of the wayside, as opposed to that which is the business of mens lives, is, in the best sense of the word, Grotesque.
The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry.
As a mom, I know it is my responsibility, and no one elses, to raise my kids. But we have to ask ourselves, what does it mean when so many parents are finding their best efforts undermined by an avalanche of advertisements aimed at our kids.
We do not look in our great cities for our best morality.
A mans best fortune, or his worst, is his wife.
When love is at its best, one loves so much that he cannot forget.
It is with trifles, and when he is off guard, that a man best reveals his character.
Shes always there for me when I need her Shes my best friend shes just my everything.
The best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it.
Priests are not men of the world it is not intended that they should be and a University training is the one best adapted to prevent their becoming so.
This Halloween, the most popular mask is the Arnold Schwarzenegger mask. And the best part? With a mouth full of candy you will sound just like him.
Ive run the Boston Marathon 6 times before. I think the best aspects of the marathon are the beautiful changes of the scenery along the route and the warmth of the peoples support. I feel happier every time I enter this marathon.
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage.
You dont despair about something like the Middle East, you just do the best you can.
The best vision is insight.
Friends are the best to turn to when youre having a rough day.
I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best.
There is a wisdom in this beyond the rules of physic: a mans own observation what he finds good of and what he finds hurt of is the best physic to preserve health.
Virtue is like a rich stone, best plain set.
Some people have such a talent for making the best of a bad situation that they go around creating bad situations so they can make the best of them.
My best moment? I have a lot of good moments but the one I prefer is when I kicked the hooligan.
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
There is so much good in the worst of us, and so much bad in the best of us, that it ill behaves any of us to find fault with the rest of us.
The best revenge is to live on and prove yourself.
We all like to forgive, and love best not those who offend us least, nor who have done most for us, but those who make it most easy for us to forgive them.
He has spent his life best who has enjoyed it most. God will take care that we do not enjoy it any more than is good for us.
Ive given it my all. Ive done my best. Now, Im ready with my family to begin the next phase of our lives.
Man finds it hard to get what he wants, because he does not want the best God finds it hard to give, because He would give the best, and man will not take it.
Meditation is all about the pursuit of nothingness. Its like the ultimate rest. Its better than the best sleep youve ever had. Its a quieting of the mind. It sharpens everything, especially your appreciation of your surroundings. It keeps life fresh.
I dont believe the most successful people are the ones who got the best grades, got into the best schools, or made the most money.
Your best friend and worst enemy are both in this room right now. Its not your neighbor right or left - and its not God or the devil - its you.
Men at most differ as Heaven and Earth, but women, worst and best, as Heaven and Hell.
And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out into the world it is best to hold hands and stick together.
Im human, Im not perfect. I make mistakes all the time, but I guess my job is to keep those mistakes to myself, which Im already fine doing and just try to be the best I can be for those kids.
Maria is the best reason to come home.
Philosophy begins in wonder. And, at the end, when philosophic thought has done its best, the wonder remains.
There is no end of craving. Hence contentment alone is the best way to happiness. Therefore, acquire contentment.
The large majority of the Negroes who have put on the finishing touches of our best colleges are all but worthless in the development of their people.
The best thing is to look natural, but it takes makeup to look natural.
Humor is one of the best ingredients of survival.
In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldnt have to ride around with jerks.
One mans ways may be as good as anothers, but we all like our own best.
The best way to lose weight is to close your mouth - something very difficult for a politician. Or watch your food - just watch it, dont eat it.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
No matter the nationality, no matter the religion, no matter the ethnic background, America brings out the best in people.
Words empty as the wind are best left unsaid.
It is our moral obligation to give every child the very best education possible.
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.
Loving a child doesnt mean giving in to all his whims to love him is to bring out the best in him, to teach him to love what is difficult.
To all the positions, I just bring the determination to win. Me being an unselfish player, I think that can carry on to my teammates. When you have one of the best players on the court being unselfish, I think that transfers to the other players.
Expect the best, Prepare for the worst.
The union movement has been the best middle class job creating program that America has ever had, and it doesnt cost the government a dime.
The best subjects are always people, who never fail to amaze me by their unpredictability.
Having lots of siblings is like having built-in best friends.
The best things in life are silly.
Thinking well to be wise: planning well, wiser: doing well wisest and best of all.
Perhaps it sounds ridiculous, but the best thing that young filmmakers should do is to get hold of a camera and some film and make a movie of any kind at all.
Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of mans cruelty and baseness.
I marvel at the resilience of the Jewish people. Their best characteristic is their desire to remember. No other people has such an obsession with memory.
Every day, people settle for less than they deserve. They are only partially living or at best living a partial life. Every human being has the potential for greatness.
Throughout my life I have always been amazed that people couldnt listen to other people, that they couldnt hear their best intent, that there seemed to be an enormous need to demonize.
Ideas are elusive, slippery things. Best to keep a pad of paper and a pencil at your bedside, so you can stab them during the night before they get away.
Though bachelors be the strongest stakes, married men are the best binders, in the hedge of the commonwealth.
He is the best sailor who can steer within fewest points of the wind, and exact a motive power out of the greatest obstacles.
The education of women is the best way to save the environment.
Pride is still aiming at the best houses: Men would be angels, angels would be gods. Aspiring to be gods, if angels fell aspiring to be angels men rebel.
Womans at best a contradiction still.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
Being a mother is the best thing that ever happened to me. Before you have your first baby you are a girl and then you become a mother. There is no transition into being a woman you literally become a mum and being a mum means you always love someone else more than yourself and it is an unexplainable situation.
Gods gifts put mans best dreams to shame.
I did the best I could, and in some arenas, my best was not good enough. Ive made some bad choices.
Those men get along best with women who can get along best without them.
In our so-called democracy we are accustomed to give the majority what they want rather than educate them to understand what is best for them.
It is our best work that God wants, not the dregs of our exhaustion. I think he must prefer quality to quantity.
I was blessed with certain gifts and talents and God gave them to me to be the best person I can be and to have a positive impact on other people.
Music is the best way for me to say I love you.
The time that people arent expecting whats going to happen, I find thats the best time to really cause the damage that needs to be done.
You and I are stuck with the necessity of taking the worst of two evils or none at all. So-Im taking the immature Democrat as the best of the two. Nixon is impossible.
I just always expect the best because Im a competitor and if Im competing, then obviously Im trying to be better in everything.
Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature.
A Boss in Heaven is the best excuse for a boss on earth, therefore If God did exist, he would have to be abolished.
Party-spirit at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few.
My dad was my best friend and greatest role model. He was an amazing dad, coach, mentor, soldier, husband and friend.
Yet, it is true, poetry is delicious the best prose is that which is most full of poetry.
The ultimate victory in competition is derived from the inner satisfaction of knowing that you have done your best and that you have gotten the most out of what you had to give.
Power will intoxicate the best hearts, as wine the strongest heads. No man is wise enough, nor good enough to be trusted with unlimited power.
Beauty ought to look a little surprised: it is the emotion that best suits her face. The beauty who does not look surprised, who accepts her position as her due - she reminds us too much of a prima donna.
There are many little ways to enlarge your childs world. Love of books is the best of all.
When you look good, you feel good. Confidence with what youre wearing is very important. If you feel good, you will always perform your best without worrying about anything.
Like anything else that happens on its own, the act of writing is beyond currency. Money is great stuff to have, but when it comes to the act of creation, the best thing is not to think of money too much. It constipates the whole process.
Good manners is the art of making those people easy with whom we converse. Whoever makes the fewest people uneasy is the best bred in the room.
The best of seers is he who guesses well.
Great tragedy has come to us, and we are meeting it with the best that is in our country, with courage and concern for others because this is America. This is who we are.
Gorgeous hair is the best revenge.
When one is trying to do something beyond his known powers it is useless to seek the approval of friends. Friends are at their best in moments of defeat.
Borrowing knowledge of reality from all sources, taking the best from every study, Science of Mind brings together the highest enlightenment of the ages.
We reproach people for talking about themselves but it is the subject they treat best.
Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay.
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.
What is the recipe for successful achievement? To my mind there are just four essential ingredients: Choose a career you love, give it the best there is in you, seize your opportunities, and be a member of the team.
Do not have evil-doers for friends, do not have low people for friends: have virtuous people for friends, have for friends the best of men.
Do not make best friends with a melancholy sad soul. They always are heavily loaded, and you must bear half.
We can best help you to prevent war not by repeating your words and following your methods but by finding new words and creating new methods.
As we look forward to freedom, the shining city on the hill and the best days of America lying ahead, it is the men and women in uniform who protect, defend and make us proud to whom we should look and give thanks every night.
Canadas the best country in the world.
Next to acquiring good friends, the best acquisition is that of good books.
The days you work are the best days.
Sometimes you feel awkward being what youre best at, you feel like you have to be something new.
The best men of the best epochs are simply those who make the fewest blunders and commit the fewest sins.
Quit while youre ahead. All the best gamblers do.
Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.
It is best for the wise man not to seem wise.
I have always thought that change you can see and feel is best.
The best mind-altering drug is the truth.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Til your good is better and your better is best.
We are all of us failures, at least, the best of us are.
There are two way of establishing a reputation, one to be praised by honest people and the other to be accused by rogues. It is best, however, to secure the first one, because it will always be accompanied by the latter.
The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young.
The best time to plan a book is while youre doing the dishes.
Comfort in expressing your emotions will allow you to share the best of yourself with others, but not being able to control your emotions will reveal your worst.
The unions say last hired - first fired,, we say hire and fire based on merit. We want the best and brightest in the classroom.
Im full of fears and I do my best to avoid difficulties and any kind of complications. I like everything around me to be clear as crystal and completely calm.
Where I am today... I still have my ups and downs, but I take it one day at a time and I just hope that I can be the best that I can possibly be, not only for myself, but also young people that are out there today that need someone to look up to.
The Supreme Court has insulted you over and over again, Lord. Theyve taken your Bible away from the schools. Theyve forbidden little children to pray. Theyve taken the knowledge of God as best they can, and organizations have come into court to take the knowledge of God out of the public square of America.
The best doctor is the one you run to and cant find.
Dont despair too much if you see beautiful things destroyed, if you see them perish. Because the best things are always growing in secret.
As an elder of the Americas and of the rest of the planet, it is my responsibility to care for and protect, to the best of my ability, the young.
He who keeps his cool best wins.
It is not enough to do your best you must know what to do, and then do your best.
A girls legs are her best friends... but even the best of friends must part.
Hope is the best possession. None are completely wretched but those who are without hope. Few are reduced so low as that.
I think that from the time you start playing sports as a child you see that your responsibility to your team is to play the best that you can play as an individual... and yet, not take anything away from being part of a team.
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
All that really matters is I have two beautiful kids, and Im trying to be the best dad I can possibly be, and thats the most important thing of all.
Ill tell you one thing: Dont ever give anybody your best advice, because theyre not going to follow it.
I think that making love is the best form of exercise.
Walking is mans best medicine.
The game of history is usually played by the best and the worst over the heads of the majority in the middle.
The best part of the art of living is to know how to grow old gracefully.
Golf is so popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad.
So if diva means giving your best, then yes, I guess I am a diva.
Learned Institutions ought to be favorite objects with every free people. They throw that light over the public mind which is the best security against crafty and dangerous encroachments on the public liberty.
Your best teacher is your last mistake.
Time is generally the best doctor.
One of the greatest things drama can do, at its best, is to redefine the words we use every day such as love, home, family, loyalty and envy. Tragedy need not be a downer.
You have to surround yourself with people who love you and want the best for you.
Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for the greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer.
The best remedy for a short temper is a long walk.
You know the best thing about competition? Theres this whole strategy game, and when it all works out its like solving that hard math equation. You finally get the answer and youre so happy.
In politics, strangely enough, the best way to play your cards is to lay them face upwards on the table.
Texas women have an amazing sense of purpose when they lose it. Theyre the best girls in the world - theyre loyal and fun, but when they get mad, theyll try to kill you.
Mechanization best serves mediocrity.
The waste basket is the writers best friend.
Always do your best.
Each of us has been put on earth with the ability to do something well. We cheat ourselves and the world if we dont use that ability as best we can.
A grave blockhead should always go about with a lively one - they show one another off to the best advantage.
My imagination completely controls me, and forever feeds the fire that burns with dark red light in my heart by bringing me the best dreams. Ive always had a wild imagination, a big heart and a tortured soul so I feel that dark fantasy, love and horror are in my blood.
The humblest painter is a true scholar and the best of scholars the scholar of nature.
Laughter is the best medicine - unless youre diabetic, then insulin comes pretty high on the list.
Soap and water and common sense are the best disinfectants.
The best artist has that thought alone Which is contained within the marble shell The sculptors hand can only break the spell To free the figures slumbering in the stone.
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
From now until the end of time no one else will ever see life with my eyes, and I mean to make the best of my chance.
There are lots of things which I would love to tell him, but in some way, I also feel that I lost the person closest to me. And I got a second chance to live. So in a way I feel that I live for both of us... and I will do my best.
The best teacher is the one who suggests rather than dogmatizes, and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself.
Ive always believed that there are funny people everywhere, but theyre just not comedians. In fact, some of my best comedic inspirations were not professional entertainers.
A lot of women these days, a lot of young women dont want to call themselves feminists. You have this cheap, hideous girl power sort of fad, which I think is pretty benign at best, but at worst, I think its a way of taking the politics out of feminism and making it some kind of fashion.
Cigarettes and coffee: an alcoholics best friend!
Im very competitive by nature. And I like to be the underdog - Its the best way to win. To come from behind and win is a great feeling!
When you do something best in life, you dont really want to give that up - and for me its tennis.
My belief is that communication is the best way to create strong relationships.
It is best to love wisely, no doubt but to love foolishly is better than not to be able to love at all.
Amidst all the clutter, beyond all the obstacles, aside from all the static, are the goals set. Put your head down, do the best job possible, let the flak pass, and work towards those goals.
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.
But one of the things I learned is that when you fight for something you believe in and you tell the truth and you do your best, you can always hold your head up high and no one can take that away from you.
The best way to turn a womans head is to tell her she has a beautiful profile.
Among the best traitors Ireland has ever had, Mother Church ranks at the very top, a massive obstacle in the path to equality and freedom. She has been a force for conservatism... to ward off threats to her own security and influence.
The best protection any woman can have... is courage.
The best thing to do is stare it in the face and move on. We have to face our fears and plow through. I think taking chances takes a lot more courage than staying stagnant and doing whats safe and comfortable.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune, and idleness, its opposite, never brought a man to the goal of any of his best wishes.
Fairest and best adorned is she Whose clothing is humility.
You can only do your best. Thats all you can do. And if it isnt good enough, it isnt good enough.
The best place a person can die, is where they die for others.
Not to be born is, past all prizing, best.
Sometimes you get the best light from a burning bridge.
It is best to live however one can be.
Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students. What better books can there be than the book of humanity?
Holidays are the best. I couldnt imagine being from a small family.
I just feel my best when Im all glammed up.
To look and feel my best, I watch my calories and exercise.
If I look at the message Im portraying, I think it definitely is be who you are, but be your best you.
I know some people say its not the best to work with your family, but I have never understood that because its always worked so well for me.
The best plan now is to have as many bosses as possible. I call it boss diversity. If you work for a company and you have one boss and that boss doesnt like you or wants to get rid of you, youre in trouble. But if you work for yourself, you have lots of bosses, who are your customers, and if a few of them decide they dont like you, thats okay.
Every Body has so good an Opinion of their own Understanding as to think their own way the best.
In matters of conscience, first thoughts are best. In matters of prudence, last thoughts are best.
Since Im always working, my best holiday memories are definitely when I can just go home and spend time with my family.
Its impossible, I think, however much Id become disillusioned politically or evolve into a post-political person, I dont think Id ever change my view that socialism is the best political moment humans have ever come up with.
Join me in Olympic Heros for Abstinence. The best sex is no sex.
Lay this unto your breast: Old friends, like old swords, still are trusted best.
Confrontation is not a dirty word. Sometimes its the best kind of journalism as long you dont confront people just for the sake of a confrontation.
A lot of the fun lies in trying to penetrate the mystery and this is best done by saying over the lines to yourself again and again, till they pass through the stage of sounding like nonsense, and finally return to a full sense that had at first escaped notice.
Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
It is my belief that we all have the need to feel special. It is this need that can bring out the best in us, yet the worst in us.
A mathematician is a person who can find analogies between theorems a better mathematician is one who can see analogies between proofs and the best mathematician can notice analogies between theories.
The best way to convince a fool that he is wrong is to let him have his own way.
One of the best temporary cures for pride and affectation is seasickness a man who wants to vomit never puts on airs.
My stay-married secret would probably be exercising good communication, not when you have to but all the time. I think if you do that, you kinda just cleanse the situations, so theres not build up. I think thats probably the best way to do it.
How mankind defers from day to day the best it can do, and the most beautiful things it can enjoy, without thinking that every day may be the last one, and that lost time is lost eternity!
Even a liberal reporter is a patriot, wants the best for this country. And people, your fair and balanced friends at Fox, dont fully understand that.
The best people renounce all for one goal, the eternal fame of mortals but most people stuff themselves like cattle.
A mans sentiments are generally just and right, while it is second selfish thought which makes him trim and adopt some other view. The best reforms are worked out when sentiment operates, as it does in women, with the indignation of righteousness.
Music is the best means we have of digesting time.
What good mothers and fathers instinctively feel like doing for their babies is usually best after all.
It is with children that we have the best chance of studying the development of logical knowledge, mathematical knowledge, physical knowledge, and so forth.
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet.
I believe that I often bring out the best in somebodys talents.
A Harvard Medical School study has determined that rectal thermometers are still the best way to tell a babys temperature. Plus, it really teaches the baby whos boss.
The best intelligence test is what we do with our leisure.
To write the lives of the great in separating them from their works necessarily ends by above all stressing their pettiness, because it is in their work that they have put the best of themselves.
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.
You do what you can for as long as you can, and when you finally cant, you do the next best thing. You back up but you dont give up.
Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint from eating.
If somebody says no to you, or if you get cut, Michael Jordan was cut his first year, but he came back and he was the best ever. That is what you have to have. The attitude that Im going to show everybody, Im going to work hard to get better and better.
A strong hatred is the best lamp to bear in our hands as we go over the dark places of life, cutting away the dead things men tell us to revere.
The best kids are going to become the best. But the best thing about it is that youre going to learn lessons in playing those sports about winning and losing and teamwork and teammates and arguments and everything else that are going to affect you positively for the rest of your life.
Compassion has no place in the natural order of the world which operates on the basis of necessity. Compassion opposes this order and is therefore best thought of as being in some way supernatural.
Sleep is good, death is better but of course, the best thing would to have never been born at all.
Reading - the best state yet to keep absolute loneliness at bay.
The best of artists has no conception that the marble alone does not contain within itself.
I did my best, and God did the rest.
Punishment may make us obey the orders we are given, but at best it will only teach an obedience to authority, not a self-control which enhances our self-respect.
The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a mans success in life.
Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow - after you have done your best to achieve success today.
The best medicine I know for rheumatism is to thank the Lord that it aint gout.
Proving Im a good mother is the one achievement Im most proud of. Its brought out the best in me.
One of the rarest things that a man ever does, is to do the best he can.
I got a Valentines Day card from my girl. It said, Take my heart! Take my arms! Take my lips! Which is just like her. Keeping the best part for herself.
No human being is constituted to know the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth and even the best of men must be content with fragments, with partial glimpses, never the full fruition.
Experience is the best teacher of all. And for that, there are no guarantees that one will become an artist. Only the journey matters.
The advice of the elders to young men is very apt to be as unreal as a list of the hundred best books.
The bold adventurer succeeds the best.
I feel Id like to share my luck and my life. Being in love is the best thing in the world.
I keep sailing on in this middle passage. I am sailing into the wind and the dark. But I am doing my best to keep my boat steady and my sails full.
This is the great reward of service, to live, far out and on, in the life of others this is the mystery of Christ, - to give lifes best for such high sake that it shall be found again unto life eternal.
You know its going to hell when the best rapper out there is white and the best golfer is black.
The best of us must sometimes eat our words.
I would like to be remembered as someone who did the best she could with the talent she had.
The middle class is so funny, its the class I know best, and its the class where you find the most pretension, so thats what makes the middle classes so funny.
The only way you can get good, unless youre a genius, is to copy. Thats the best thing. Just steal.
I just need to know that I did the very best I could and that I was true to myself.
I believe in prayer. Its the best way we have to draw strength from heaven.
The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts.
There is a Japanese proverb that literally goes Raise the sail with your stronger hand, meaning you must go after the opportunities that arise in life that you are best equipped to do.
The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.
After all it is those who have a deep and real inner life who are best able to deal with the irritating details of outer life.
Thats what liberalism is all about, is promoting incompetence on the basis its fair, because people would be the best if they werent discriminated against.
Were not arrogant, we just believe were the best band in the world.
For the last five years, we have been presented with the idea that Barack Obama is superhuman. Barack Obama is unlike any of us or anyone else. And he isnt. In fact, hes much less achieved and much less accomplished than most who have gotten half as far as he has, and I think maybe what we saw was the best.
One accusation you cant throw at me is that Ive always done my best.
You should always be well and bright, for so you do your best work and you have so much beautiful work to do. The world needs it, and you must give it!
Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick.
I was raised not to be rude, but I also try to get the best work out of people.
The best books for a man are not always those which the wise recommend, but often those which meet the peculiar wants, the natural thirst of his mind, and therefore awaken interest and rivet thought.
Nature scarcely ever gives us the very best for that we must have recourse to art.
All the best performers bring to their role something more, something different than what the author put on paper. Thats what makes theatre live. Thats why it persists.
I rate Morrissey as one of the best lyricists in Britain. For me, hes up there with Bryan Ferry.
Im not saying that theres anything better than mated bliss at its best, but Im saying that living alone is as good in its own way. But we havent quite given ourselves permission to recognize that.
Life is an unfoldment, and the further we travel the more truth we can comprehend. To understand the things that are at our door is the best preparation for understanding those that lie beyond.
There are people who take rumors and embellish them in a way that can be devastating. And this pollution has to be eradicated by people in our business as best we can.
Im aware if Im playing at my best Im tough to beat. And I enjoy that.
I like physics. I think it is the best science out of all three of them, because generally its more useful. You learn about speed and velocity and time, and thats all clever stuff.
Memories are like mulligatawny soup in a cheap restaurant. It is best not to stir them.
Thats what happens nowadays with people working on computers. They can so easily fix things with their mouse and take out all the, Oh, somebody coughed in the background we need to take that out - or somebody hit a bad note. Those are all the best moments.
Love is the best thing in the world, and the thing that lives the longest.
It is with rivers as it is with people: the greatest are not always the most agreeable nor the best to live with.
Your performance depends on your people. Select the best, train them and back them. When errors occur, give sharper guidance. If errors persist or if the fit feels wrong, help them move on. The country cannot afford amateur hour in the White House.
The human species, according to the best theory I can form of it, is composed of two distinct races, the men who borrow and the men who lend.
I wont accept anything less than the best a players capable of doing... and he has the right to expect the best that I can do for him and the team!
America is the best half-educated country in the world.
Scouting rises within you and inspires you to put forth your best.
But curb thou the high spirit in thy breast, for gentle ways are best, and keep aloof from sharp contentions.
The best way to lose a job is just not to care. When you do not care, it shows in everything you do.
Coldplay fans are the best in the world. If you like Coldplay then youre obviously very intelligent and good looking and all-around brilliant.
The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison.
By all these lovely tokens September days are here, With summers best of weather And autumns best of cheer.
One of the best things to come out of the home computer revolution could be the general and widespread understanding of how severely limited logic really is.
Ive analyzed the best I can... and I have not found an impeachable offense, and therefore resignation is not an acceptable course.
The best thing Ive learned is, if youre going out, never go out alone - you leave yourself vulnerable. If youve got someone else there you trust, they can say, be wary of that person. I probably used to be too trusting of people.
The Left Elite only pretend to be concerned about whats best for everyone else because it is the most effective way to manipulate you and your children into their abyss.
To not be modest about it, youll find that with only a couple of exceptions, most of the musicians that Ive worked with have done their best work by far with me.
While I relish our warm months, winter forms our character and brings out our best.
Old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.
Sometimes the best lighting of all is a power failure.
Baseball is almost the only orderly thing in a very unorderly world. If you get three strikes, even the best lawyer in the world cant get you off.
Musics always been really cathartic. Its the best drug for me to get away from the everyday pressures just for a second via a good song.
Every piece of entertainment is made with the idea that This is going to be terrific and This is the best thing Ive ever done and then it hits the public and then the public tells you whether its good or bad.
I think that the best training a top manager can be engaged in is management by example.
People drain me, even the closest of friends, and I find loneliness to be the best state in the union to live in.
Its my firm conviction that when Uncle Sam calls, by God we go, and we do the best that we can.
I consider my ability to arouse enthusiasm among men the greatest asset I possess. The way to develop the best that is in a man is by appreciation and encouragement.
The splinter in your eye is the best magnifying-glass.
Nobody until very recently would have thought that their husband was supposed to be their best friend, confidante, intellectual soul mate, co-parent, inspiration.
Central banks dont have divine wisdom. They try to do the best analysis they can and must be prepared to stand or fall by the quality of that analysis.
North Americans as a whole need to embrace having clothes altered to their body. I hear it all the time: why do the Europeans always look so good? They have a relationship with their tailor and spend the time and money to make their clothes look their best.
My good friends are Mormon, some of the best people I know.
Mr. Janet Reno? I think Mr. Janet Reno... I think hes one of the best hunting dogs in the world.
The best way to win against the intolerable is to tolerate them, for this they have seldom dealt with. Your indulgence may soften their malice and open their eyes to more honorable ways.
Let me be the first to tell you, drinking alcohol is the worst thing to do in cold weather. Hot soup is the best because the process of digesting food helps to warm you up.
No matter how good you are at planning, the pressure never goes away. So I dont fight it. I feed off it. I turn pressure into motivation to do my best.
I know Im not the best. Im not the best singer, Im not the best songwriter, Im not the best player.
Townes van Zandt is the best songwriter in the whole world and Ill stand on Bob Dylans coffee table in my cowboy boots and say that.
Go right straight down the road, to do what is best, and to do it frankly and without evasion.
Ive been all over the world. I love New York, I love Paris, San Francisco, so many places. But theres no place like New Orleans. Its got the best food. Its got the best music. Its got the best people. Its got the most fun stuff to do.
We all have a social mask, right? We put it on, we go out, put our best foot forward, our best image. But behind that social mask is a personal truth, what we really, really believe about who we are and what were capable of.
A lot of folks believe their best years are behind them. But I want Americans to recognize thats not true.
And I believe that the best learning process of any kind of craft is just to look at the work of others.
I have a terrific marriage, but unlike a lot of relationships where they ebb and flow, no matter what happens you fall deeper and deeper in love every day. Its kind of the best thing that can happen to you. Its thrilling.
I have very high expectations of myself. Im a very competitive person but competitive with myself. I want to be the best that I can be and if that means that Im eventually better than everyone else then so be it.
Mediocre men work at their best men seeking excellence strive to do better.
You owe it to yourself to be the best person possible. Because if you are, others will want to be with you, want to provide you with the things you want in exchange for what youre giving to them.
I look my best when I take my helmet off after a long motorcycle ride. I have a glow and a bit of helmet hair.
Each one of us requires the spur of insecurity to force us to do our best.
I live with some of my best friends from high school, very commune-like, in my house. Its my hippie way of life.
Parents have become so convinced that educators know what is best for their children that they forget that they themselves are really the experts.
If I am a cup maker, Im interested in making the best cup I possibly can. My effort goes into that cup, not what people think about it.
Contrary to general belief, I do not believe that friends are necessarily the people you like best, they are merely the people who got there first.
Right actions in the future are the best apologies for bad actions in the past.
I felt that its best just to be as transparent as possible.
I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance.
I wouldnt say I was the best manager in the business. But I was in the top one.
One must not make oneself cheap here - that is a cardinal point - or else one is done. Whoever is most impertinent has the best chance.
I dont know the first real thing about the dating game. I dont know how to talk to a specific person and connect. I just think you have to go to person by person and do the best you can with people in general.
The U.S. Armed Forces are the best trained, best equipped fighting forces in the world.
The best book, like the best speech, will do it all - make us laugh, think, cry and cheer - preferably in that order.
All I try to do is create an atmosphere that seems comfortable enough, that it removes tension and everyone feels free. If they feel free then behaviour happens, small moments happen and thats what ultimately works the best for me.
Activist government overreach and ongoing economic stagnation have shown us why Washington should not try to displace what is best left to civil society.
Being fired was the best luck of my life. It made me stop and reflect. It was the birth of my life as a writer.
Next to being witty, the best thing is being able to quote anothers wit.
The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. Ive always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.
I have reached a place in my life where I need to sit down and say, Well, what do I do? Whats best for me? I need to look into options for the future.
All of Koonss best art - the encased vacuum cleaners, the stainless-steel Rabbit (the late-twentieth centurys signature work of Simulationist sculpture), the amazing gleaming Balloon Dog, and the cast-iron re-creation of a Civil War mortar exhibited last month at the Armory - has simultaneously flaunted extreme realism, idealism, and fantasy.
The last time money left the art world, intrepid types maxed out their credit cards and opened galleries, and a few of them have become the best in the world.
I stood up as best I could to their disgusting stupidity and brutality, but I did not, of course, manage to beat them at their own game. It was a fight to the bitter end, one in which I was not defending ideals or beliefs but simply my own self.
Those who love him love that he sells the most art they take it as a point of faith that this proves Kinkade is the best. But his fans dont only rely on this supply-and-demand justification. They go back to values.
My nominee for Best Picture of the year - maybe the best picture ever, because its essentially made up of and is an ecstatic love letter to all other movies - is Christian Marclays endlessly enticing must-see masterpiece The Clock.
Jeffrey Deitch is the Jeff Koons of art dealers. Not because hes the biggest, best, or the richest of his kind. But because in some ways hes the weirdest (which is saying a lot when youre talking about the wonderful, wicked, lovable, and annoying creatures known as art dealers).
I have lost my seven best friends, which is to say God has had mercy on me seven times without realizing it. He lent a friendship, took it from me, sent me another.
The best audience is intelligent, well-educated and a little drunk.
The best music is essentially there to provide you something to face the world with.
The man who has done his best has done everything.
My best birth control now is just to leave the lights on.
Some women feel the best cure for a broken heart is a new beau.
Happiness and virtue rest upon each other the best are not only the happiest, but the happiest are usually the best.
Ive been gone for a long time. I really want to give the fans something that they deserve to have. So, Im working really hard on this. I really want to make it the best work Ive done so far.
That they may have a little peace, even the best dogs are compelled to snarl occasionally.
The best sermon is preached by the minister who has a sermon to preach and not by the man who has to preach a sermon.
The prizes go to those who meet emergencies successfully. And the way to meet emergencies is to do each daily task the best we can.
Old friends are best.
No matter what you study, the thing that you know best is what you grew up with.
Your experiences will be yours alone. But truth and best friendship will rarely if ever disappoint you.
The best thing about acting is that I get to lose myself in another character and actually get paid for it... Its a great outlet. Im not really sure who I am - it seems I change every day.
The things we remember best are those better forgotten.
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.
Im so in control of my life, you shouldnt dislike anything I do-because Im not only in the best place Ive ever been, but it keeps getting better and better.
The best films of any kind, narrative or documentary, provoke questions.
We Americans are the best informed people on earth as to the events of the last twenty-four hours we are the not the best informed as the events of the last sixty centuries.
Poverty is uncomfortable but nine times out of ten the best thing that can happen to a young man is to be tossed overboard and compelled to sink or swim.
To be free from evil thoughts is Gods best gift.
At some point, I would like to write a book and other things, but I work best when there is some sort of deadline in my own mind, but not when fifty people or fifty million people are breathing down the back of my neck.
A multitude of bees can tell the time of day, calculate the geometry of the suns position, argue about the best location for the next swarm. Bees do a lot of close observing of other bees maybe they know what follows stinging and do it anyway.
The governments view is that the best time to announce bad news, news that it doesnt want the public to dwell on is late on a Friday, when it will wind up in the Saturday papers, which if you were readers, then the week day editions. A holiday weekend is even better.
The best writing is not about the writer, the best writing is absolutely not about the writer, its about us, its about the reader.
He who laughs most, learns best.
My philosophy is not a bean-counting, accounting look at this. It is a philosophy that smaller government is better government, and government that is closer to the people is best of all.
I believe we need to attract a new generation of the best and brightest to public service and I believe that government can be a source of inspiration, not degradation.
If a man is dumb, someone is going to get the best of him, so why not you? If you dont, youre as dumb as he is.
Rest assured that whatever station of life we are placed, princely or lowly, it contains the lessons and experiences necessary at the moment for our evolution, and gives us the best advantage for the development of ourselves.
The abduction of a child is a tragedy. No one can fully understand or appreciate what a parent goes through at such a time, unless they have faced a similar tragedy. Every parent responds differently. Each parent copes with this nightmare in the best way he or she knows how.
The corruption of the best things gives rise to the worst.
Education alone can conduct us to that enjoyment which is, at once, best in quality and infinite in quantity.
The best way to remember your wifes birthday is to remember it once.
If its flipping hamburgers at McDonalds, be the best hamburger flipper in the world. Whatever it is you do you have to master your craft.
The seven marvels that best represent mans achievements over the last 2,000 years will be determined by Internet vote... so look for Howard Sterns Private Parts to come in No. 1.
I think guitar is the best thing in the world.
Creative ideas flourish best in a shop which preserves some spirit of fun. Nobody is in business for fun, but that does not mean there cannot be fun in business.
The work ahead will be hard. These times demand the best of us - all of us, but we can do this. Together, we can do this. We can get this country working again. We can get this economy growing again. We can make the safety net safe again. We can do this.
You must capture and keep the heart of the original and supremely able man before his brain can do its best.
Blessed are they who have the gift of making friends, for it is one of Gods best gifts. It involves many things, but above all, the power of going out of ones self, and appreciating whatever is noble and loving in another.
Its human nature to gripe, but Im going ahead and doing the best I can.
The splendid discontent of God With chaos made the world. And from the discontent of man The worlds best progress springs.
As soon as someone tells me: Youre rather sexy, I wish I could disappear. If somebody says: You were voted the worlds sexiest man, I have no idea what that means. How do I respond? Thank you is the best you can do. George Clooney is the worlds sexiest man, anyway.
Get the best people and train them well.
Be assured those will be thy worst enemies, not to whom thou hast done evil, but who have done evil to thee. And those will be thy best friends, not to whom thou hast done good, but who have done good to thee.
When a mans best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem.
Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly. Taste the relish to be found in competition - in having put forth the best within you.
If you play it straight its funny - the best comedy is always played straight down the middle. The adjustment is understanding from the screenplay that a moment is hilarious.
Those who know the least obey the best.
Thats your best friend and your worst enemy - your own brain.
When I am traveling in a carriage, or walking after a good meal, or during the night when I cannot sleep it is on such occasions that ideas flow best and most abundantly.
I do some of my best thinking while pulling weeds.
If your sister is in a tearing hurry to go out and cannot catch your eye, shes wearing your best sweater.
Poetry is the record of the best and happiest moments of the happiest and best minds.
I think the best thing for you to do is just live your life. Live a life thats worth living, one where you do what you want to do, pursue your passions. That way, if you meet someone, theyll be joining a life thats already really good.
Its easy to get wrapped up in sharing everyday life with a partner. Its fun to get lost in love and romance. Its the best. But holding on to yourself while doing that is the most important thing.
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
I think my best work is when Im kind of in charge.
I think the best place to work in football is England.
My siblings are my best friends.
Grow old with me! The best is yet to be.
Progress however, of the best kind, is comparatively slow. Great results cannot be achieved at once and we must be satisfied to advance in life as we walk, step by step.
The best time to make friends is before you need them.
When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace.
Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them.
If you want to be the best, you have to do things that other people arent willing to do.
A visitor from Mars could easily pick out the civilized nations. They have the best implements of war.
I will give you the best I have.
I just try to do the best job I possibly can - put the blinders on, go to work and be the best you can possibly be. Once you have done everything that you possibly can - youve put forth your greatest effort - then I can live with whatevers next.
The best director is the one you dont see.
Every job is good if you do your best and work hard. A man who works hard stinks only to the ones that have nothing to do but smell.
There is small risk a general will be regarded with contempt by those he leads, if, whatever he may have to preach, he shows himself best able to perform.
Letting your mind play is the best way to solve problems.
I have the best husband in the world. Hes very involved.
It is often said that second thoughts are best. So they are in matters of judgment but not in matters of conscience.
I think if you give your best as a parent, then thats all you can do.
He is the best man who, when making his plans, fears and reflects on everything that can happen to him, but in the moment of action is bold.
Going online and asking questions is the best way to learn.
I have to live with both my selves as best I may.
There are times when even the best manager is like the little boy with the big dog, waiting to see where the dog wants to go so he can take him there.
I put on the best live show, the absolute best live show I can possibly can.
Some of my best friends are Venture Capitalists, but lets face it, a hamster with Alzheimers could make those kind of numbers. Its great work if you can get it.
I dont have the best body in the world, but I know for a fact that I have a really good voice.
Most of those who make collections of verse or epigram are like men eating cherries or oysters: they choose out the best at first, and end by eating all.
Work is like the rest of life. The best parts are free.
Im married to my best friend!
Italians know about human nature - they understand human nature perhaps better than anyone else does. They know that people are weak and greedy and lazy and dishonest and they just try to make the best of it to work around it.
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.
Yeah, I try to be the best example I can be for young girls just as far as my person goes - just to uphold a good image.
Life is best when you are in love.
I think that Phil Kaufman is one of the best directors that I have come across.
Home is the place we love best and grumble the most.
My fear is my substance, and probably the best part of me.
A huge part of acting in movies is appetite. You do your best work when youve got a lot of appetite and you really want to embrace something. When you get tired, you dont have that hunger.
Mans wisdom is his best friend folly his worst enemy.
The cat could very well be mans best friend but would never stoop to admitting it.
The will to work of everyone in the country is the best guarantee of national survival.
You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for independence.
Disney has the best casting. If he doesnt like an actor he just tears him up.
I already gave my best. I have no regrets at all.
One of my favorite activities as a teen-ager was to watch television over the phone with my best friend.
Testing oneself is best when done alone.
I dont think theres anybody in America who thinks my personality is best suited to being Number Two.
The heart of the jealous knows the best and most satisfying love, that of the others bed, where the rival perfects the lovers imperfections.
I dont want to tell President Obama how to make a speech. Hes a much better speech maker than I am. But I think always to tell the truth in a sometimes blatant way, even though it might be temporarily unpopular, is the best approach.
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, thats beautiful.
Patriotism is best exemplified through auto-critique. When youre willing to stand up within the group and say, It is wrong for Black people to be anti-Semitic, or It is wrong for America to discriminate against persons of African descent and made them slaves and based its wealth upon free labor, its crucial to say that.
Example is the best precept.
I was in the bath at the time, and my dad came running in and said, Guess who they want to play Harry Potter!? and I started to cry. It was probably the best moment of my life.
For me, the best times are always going to be the most intense, the ones with the highest highs and the lowest lows.
The best thing you can do is find a person who loves you for exactly what you are.
I was just doing my job in the ring and doing my best to make people happy.
The best form of government is that which is most likely to prevent the greatest sum of evil.
Do the best that you can in the place where you are, and be kind.
If being an attractive woman got you attention for directing, then the entire best director category would be comprised of models. To me, that is just the most ludicrous connection that you could make.
I wanna change the game in way where Im not knocking nobody out of the way, not claiming to be the best at this or that, but just doing wonders with the gift Ive been given.
I dont think I ever got the hang of the writers room. I love collaborating with people, but I really do my best work alone, and I think I would want to - if I did something again, I think Id want to take total ownership the way Aaron Sorkin or David Kelley does.
Speaking of Twitter, I dont even know if I composed a blog entry in 2009, as I was too busy parceling my every thought into cute 140-character sound bites. I used to only worry about being pithy for a living now some of my best lines are wasted on a free app!
The best way to begin genuine bipartisanship to make America stronger is to work together on the real crises facing our country, not to manufacture an artificial crisis to serve a special interest agenda out of touch with the needs of Americans.
The best way to deal with that is to live in a fully conscious, compassionate, loving way. Dont wait until youre on your deathbed to recognize that this is the only way to live.
The best player I ever played with was Dennis Johnson.
I get a lot of the ideas when Im resting - either when Im meditating or getting some kind of work done on my back, like physical therapy or acupuncture. Thats where I get my best ideas, maybe because Im balancing my body.
One of the best parts of growing older? You can flirt all you like since youve become harmless.
Once you are labeled the best you want to stay up there, and you cant do it by loafing around.
Im either going to go completely mental, completely bankrupt, or have the best success of my life.
One of the best things for a woman to hear is that she is sexy.
Recruitment and retention are critical to sustain our Armed Forces with the best men and women willing to stand in the gap and make huge sacrifices to ensure our freedom.
What I love best in life is new starts.
Ive found the best way is to not be scared of the attention but to be grateful for it and open to it. It makes my days better rather than being annoyed that people want my attention.
Democracy functions best when we have an active citizenry.
God gave us the gift of life it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
I think, at a childs birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity.
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.
Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new.
All the world is birthday cake, so take a piece, but not too much.
Thirty was so strange for me. Ive really had to come to terms with the fact that I am now a walking and talking adult.
How old would you be if you didnt know how old you are?
I remember when the candle shop burned down. Everyone stood around singing Happy Birthday.
Presents dont really mean much to me. I dont want to sound mawkish, but - it was the realization that I have a great many people in my life who really love me, and who I really love.
You know youre getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. Its like, See if you can blow this out.
A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer.
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier... I put them in the same room and let them fight it out.
You know youre getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
A friend never defends a husband who gets his wife an electric skillet for her birthday.
I wanted to buy a candle holder, but the store didnt have one. So I got a cake.
The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday.
It is lovely, when I forget all birthdays, including my own, to find that somebody remembers me.
There are three hundred and sixty-four days when you might get un-birthday presents, and only one for birthday presents, you know.
The only thing better than singing is more singing.
It was on my fifth birthday that Papa put his hand on my shoulder and said, Remember, my son, if you ever need a helping hand, youll find one at the end of your arm.
To me - old age is always ten years older than I am.
Let us celebrate the occasion with wine and sweet words.
About astrology and palmistry: they are good because they make people vivid and full of possibilities. They are communism at its best. Everybody has a birthday and almost everybody has a palm.
We have to be able to grow up. Our wrinkles are our medals of the passage of life. They are what we have been through and who we want to be.
The return of my birthday, if I remember it, fills me with thoughts which it seems to be the general care of humanity to escape.
If you look over the years, the styles have changed - the clothes, the hair, the production, the approach to the songs. The icing to the cake has changed flavors. But if you really look at the cake itself, its really the same.
A gift, with a kind countenance, is a double present.
I cried on my 18th birthday. I thought 17 was such a nice age. Youre young enough to get away with things, but youre old enough, too.
Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time.
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.
There is still no cure for the common birthday.
Im not materialistic. I believe in presents from the heart, like a drawing that a child does.
Let them eat cake.
Handmade presents are scary because they reveal that you have too much free time.
New Years Day is every mans birthday.
Most of us can remember a time when a birthday - especially if it was ones own - brightened the world as if a second sun has risen.
Your children need your presence more than your presents.
Being seventy is not a sin.
The best way to remember your wifes birthday is to remember it once.
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm.
I hate birthdays.
Love the giver more than the gift.
When someone asks if youd like cake or pie, why not say you want cake and pie?
I often buy myself presents. Sometimes I will spend $100,000 in one day in a posh boutique.
My biggest hero, Gregory Peck, was my birthday present on April 14, 1973. I just sat and stared at him.
The main prank that we play with props is for peoples birthdays. The special effects people will put a little explosive in the cake so it blows up in their face - thats always fun to play on a guest star, or one of the trainees or someone whos new.
To my surprise, my 70s are nicer than my 60s and my 60s than my 50s, and I wouldnt wish my teens and 20s on my enemies.
When I turned 60, it didnt bother me at all.
Well take the cake with the red cherry on top.
I binge when Im happy. When everything is going really well, every day is like Im at a birthday party.
I used to be good with kids, but as I get older, Im grumpy and terrible with them. As for doing a gig at a 6-year olds birthday party, you couldnt pay me enough.
I quit high school on my birthday. It was my senior year and I didnt see the point. This was 1962, and I was ready to make music.
Only then, approaching my fortieth birthday, I made philosophy my lifes work.
I had a birthday one night on a farm we were shooting on. I walked into the tent, and there were 150 people waiting for me, all wearing masks of my face.
My mother asked me what I wanted for my birthday, so I said I wanted to read poetry with her.
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
In 1993 my birthday present was a star on Hollywoods Walk of Fame.
Im amazed. When I was 40, I thought Id never make 50. And at 50 I thought the frosting on the cake would be 60. At 60, I was still going strong and enjoying everything.
When I was little I thought, isnt it nice that everybody celebrates on my birthday? Because its July 4th.
This is a wonderful way to celebrate an 80th birthday... I wanted to be 65 again, but they wouldnt let me - Homeland Security.
I do like to shock and surprise people. When its all in good fun, of course.
I crashed my boyfriends birthday when I was 12 years old. He didnt invite me and so I showed up.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a womans birthday but never remembers her age.
I wrapped my Christmas presents early this year, but I used the wrong paper. See, the paper I used said Happy Birthday on it. I didnt want to waste it so I just wrote Jesus on it.
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding youre exactly the same.
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
With my wife I dont get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to the best woman a man ever had. The waiter joined me.
It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people.
Just hit my 75th birthday, Im feeling great!
You know, maybe I was just born in the wrong time, but I love all things romantic. Puffy understands that. For my last birthday, he covered my hotel room floor with rose petals and had flowers and candles all over the room.
Mum loves me being famous! She is so excited and proud, as she had me so young and couldnt support me, so I am living her dream, its sweeter for both of us. Its her 40th birthday soon and Im going to buy her 40 presents.
Im most comfortable in my birthday suit.
Its odd the things that people remember. Parents will arrange a birthday party, certain it will stick in your mind forever. Youll have a nice time, then two years later youll be like, There was a pony there? Really? And a clown with one leg?
Some people wont go the extra mile, and then on their birthday, when no one makes a fuss, they feel neglected and bitter.
You always get a special kick on opening day, no matter how many you go through. You look forward to it like a birthday party when youre a kid. You think something wonderful is going to happen.
I trained to be a priest - started to. I went to seminary school when I was 11. I wanted to be a priest, but when they told me I could never have sex, not even on my birthday, I changed my mind.
I gave a funny speech at my wifes birthday party, and Im thinking, Hey, Ive still got it.
My ace in the hole as a human being used to be my capacity for remembering birthdays. I worked at it. Whenever I made a new friend, I made a point of finding out his or her birthday early on, and I would record it in my Filofax calendar.
I want a chainsaw very badly, because I think cutting down a tree would be unbelievably satisfying. I have asked for a chainsaw for my birthday, but I think Ill probably be given jewelry instead.
I just had my 30th birthday and we went turkey shooting. Its what I wanted to do, so we went.
Every day, every birthday candle I blow out, every penny I throw over my shoulder in a wishing well, every time my daughter says, Lets make a wish on a star, theres one thing I wish for: wisdom.
I left school on my 15th birthday.
The worst part about celebrating another birthday is the shock that youre only as well as you are.
I like to go to anybody elses birthday, and if Im invited Im a good guest. But I never celebrate my birthdays. I really dont care.
When I was a kid, for my birthday every year, my mother made me pasta bechamel, which is rigatoni with a white cream sauce.
Anybody can have a birthday. It requires nothing. Murderers have birthdays. Its the opposite of anything that I believe in. And I dont like at work where you stop everything to sing Happy Birthday to someone. I feel like thats for children.
My best kiss was on stage. Kelly Rowland from Destinys Child gave me a really nice soft kiss on my lips during a performance on my birthday. It was amazing.
I tried to bake a cake for my mothers birthday - it took me four hours. It was terrible, and I cried for three days.
My happiest memory of childhood was my first birthday in reform school. This teacher took an interest in me. In fact, he gave me the first birthday presents I ever got: a box of Cracker Jacks and a can of ABC shoe polish.
If we celebrate Martin Luther King Jr.s birthday at a time of presidential inaugurals, this is thanks to Ronald Reagan who created the holiday, and not to the Democratic Congress of the Carter years, which rejected it.
Interventions are really emotionally exhausting and I would never ever want to have one. In the same way, I would never want to have a surprise birthday party. That would be horrible.
I had been offered a Hollywood contract before my 18th birthday. It gave me the spark I needed.
It is ironic that the one thing that all religions recognize as separating us from our creator, our very self-consciousness, is also the one thing that divides us from our fellow creatures. It was a bitter birthday present from evolution.
I tend to foster drama via bleakness. If I want the reader to feel sympathy for a character, I cleave the character in half, on his birthday. And then it starts raining. And hes made of sugar.
My second play, The Birthday Party, I wrote in 1958 - or 1957. It was totally destroyed by the critics of the day, who called it an absolute load of rubbish.
Since graduation, I have measured time in 4-by-5-inch pieces of paper, four days on the left and three on the right. Every social engagement, interview, reading, flight, doctors appointment, birthday and dry-cleaning reminder has been handwritten between metal loops.
Im a summer baby, so I usually have my birthday as a good summer memory.
The Queen of Crafts herself, Martha Stewart, and I have the same birthday. I prefer to think its the glue-gun wielding, perfect-tart-producing Martha and not the copper pan-throwing, jail-going Martha. But I suppose if I am going to share a calendar square with some of Martha, I have to share it with all of Martha.
Im over the moon to be involved in the Doctor Who Christmas special. I cant quite believe it as its a part of the family tradition at the Jenkins household. I heard the news that I got the role on my 30th birthday and it was the best birthday present ever.
The first guitar I ever got was for my 13th birthday.
As I approach my 88th birthday, its become apparent to me that my eyes and ears, among other appurtenances, arent quite what they used to be. The prospect of long flights to wherever in search of whatever are not quite as appealing.
Ive got some incredible fans actually - so loyal and they make me birthday cards and Christmas cards. I got this package of poems and artwork based around the songs. Theyve got this thing called Floetry where they all have to put in artwork. Theyve set up their own competitions and stuff which is kind of amazing.
All my favorite stars, my family and my friends are here. Im having the happiest birthday that an 18-year-old girl could ever have.
John Candy knew he was going to die. He told me on his 40th birthday. He said, well, Maureen, Im on borrowed time.
I have had fans make me the big picture collages of the photo books I have had fans send me birthday cakes... sing to me on my voicemail. I have had fans flash me. I have had older fans give me their bras and underwear onstage.
The day before my 16th birthday I got my guitar.
I hate birthdays. I hate birthday parties. I hate them. I dont know what it is, anybodys only got to come wafting near me with a piece of cake with a candle on and I break out in hives.
I saw Richard Linklaters film Slacker for my twenty-first birthday. That was the moment when it all seemed possible. This guy gave me hope.
The reason I met my husband was because I remembered a friends birthday. The moral of the story is: Remember peoples birthdays.
You know, wed just had a birthday, he was... you know, he still had a future out of him, and all I can is he was just one of the most beautiful people in the world... a very gifted man, and its a loss to the world, not just for us.
Citizens, thank you for all your birthday wishes. I am 88 years old today and still lucky to live in the greatest city in the world.
I worked at an ice cream parlor called Chadwicks. We wore old-timey outfits and had to bang a drum, play a kazoo, and sing Happy Birthday to people while giving them free birthday sundaes. Lots of ice cream scooping and $1 tips.
For the youth, the indignation of most things will just surge as each birthday passes.
Ive never looked forward to a birthday like Im looking forward to my new daughters birthday, because two days after that is when I can apply for reinstatement.
I play PC and Xbox games at home, and I just got a PSP as a birthday present.
We didnt have a whole lot of money when I was growing up either. I would always ask for magic books or magic tricks for my birthday or for Christmas and the rest of the year I either had to mow lawns or find part time jobs to help supplement the cost of doing magic.
With my daughter, we do arts and crafts, we read a lot, we listen to music, and we cut the strings off balloons and bounce them around after birthday parties.
I was fired at the pinnacle of my career, on my 39th birthday. And in the year that followed, I learned that there are many psychological phases of being let go.
I get uncomfortable when people give me presents and watch me open them. I dont have birthday parties, because the idea of a group of people singing and looking at me while Im blowing out candles gives me hives.
My mom wont let me buy high-fashion stuff unless its TK Maxx or a birthday occasion.
My mom and my fathers birthday are on the same day.
Im trying to get the record that I made at my birthday party last year, trying to get that out, and the lawyers are diddling around with it and it probably wont be out until next year. I dont know.
And currently, there are four to five new works in the pipeline for upcoming celebrations such as the Sydney 2000 Olympics, Australian Federation, my 50th Birthday, and Sydney Dance Companys 25th Anniversary.
I was quite a shy child. I would get terribly nervous and throw up before my birthday party. And then I would be fine. I feel the same now. I get nervous, then its fine.
I can put my legs behind my head and sing Happy Birthday. Because thats something that me and my friends used to do when we were in gymnastics class as kids, and I can still do it. I was doing it since I was 8 and 9. They used to call me Gumby. Very bendy.
I want to say that probably 24 hours after I told CBS that I was stepping down at my 65th birthday, I was already regretting it. And I regretted it every day since.
On my birthday, I was in Milan for the collections.
I lost twins at 14 weeks, and I had to have an D and C on my birthday.
I always wanted to shave. It is a very natural process. For my birthday I got a lot of shaving stuff.
I told my father I wanted to play the banjo, and so he saved the money and got ready to give me a banjo for my next birthday, and between that time and my birthday, I lost interest in the banjo and was playing guitar.
As far as those kinds of things, I also played at the concert to call for the release of Nelson Mandela when he was a political prisoner in South Africa. We were celebrating his 70th birthday and calling for his release.
I love photography. My boyfriends got a great camera, which I bought for his birthday.
My son had his eighth birthday recently and we had a chance to borrow the film and show it to all of his friends that was at his birthday party and they loved it. I was a little nervous. I said they might not even like it, and say his daddys movie is wack, but they loved it.
I grew up doing all that stuff because I was obsessed with the 50s. I had sock hops for birthday parties. So Ive always done The Twist and stuff. It was pretty natural and, with my parents doing it all the time, Id just copy them. Not very pretty.
For my birthday my husband learned to cook and is cooking one day a week for me. But he only likes to do fancy dishes. So we end up with weird, obscure things in the refrigerator.
My first recognition of age setting in was exactly on my 36th birthday. I have no idea why, on this day of all days, I looked in the mirror and realized my face no longer looked young.
And for the citys birthday, we will host events in every neighborhood of the city, inviting all of our residents to share in the celebration of Bostons great epic - the story of neighbors who support one another where it matters most.
I hate birthdays. I thought that I only hated my own birthday, and then I realized that I hate my childrens birthdays too.
I suddenly realized how much I loved her when we attended Alfred Hitchcocks 75th birthday party last August. There was something magical about that night, and it made me see how much she really meant to me.
Any time women come together with a collective intention, its a powerful thing. Whether its sitting down making a quilt, in a kitchen preparing a meal, in a club reading the same book, or around the table playing cards, or planning a birthday party, when women come together with a collective intention, magic happens.
I started running around my 30th birthday. I wanted to lose weight I didnt anticipate the serenity. Being in motion, suddenly my body was busy and so my head could work out some issues I had swept under a carpet of wine and cheese. Good therapy, thats a good run.
Well, I started conducting kind of by accident. I wanted to give myself a special birthday present for my fortieth birthday, and I was living in San Francisco at the time and I started attending some of the concerts and then simply dropping hints.
My mom FedExes a red velvet cake she makes from scratch to me every birthday.
Nicole will come up in conversations where its in a part of the conversation. Or we may be somewhere and I would tell some story about their mother and I. You know, we always honor her birthday.
I went to a rare live Van Dyke show and met him there. And then he came to a show of mine and we spoke back stage. The third time was at Brian Wilsons birthday party.
The summer of 2002 at the Wilson birthday party I met Van Dyke again and I made plans to have dinner with him.
Mattresses! Beautiful! Lets go buy a couple of mattresses. Give em to people for their birthday.
One I built when I was a kid, and it was a real miniature of Disneyland. I fell in love with the park when I went there with my parents on my 12th birthday.
My parents were dishonest people. If it was my birthday, I knew my mother took me to the K-Mart and she stole my toy. Shed put it in the shopping cart and wed walk out. I was raised with that.
We were probably the last people in the country to get a VCR and we didnt have cable. There wasnt any admiration of glamour, no, I want to look like them or have that lifestyle, because everyone in my town had the same lifestyle. So I didnt think, Ooh, a movie stars birthday! I just thought, What?
Ill never forget my 24th birthday when my tooth got punched out. And for a second I was like, it would be really hilarious if I sold it on eBay. But I cant, thats just too creepy. I dont think I can go there.
I did a cake for the 60th birthday of Elton John, for Britney Spears 27th birthday and for the Circus album she put out - the cake had circus themes. I prepared a cake for a surprise 82nd birthday event for the architect Frank Gehry the cake was comprised of mini-replicas of his buildings.
Ive looked after my money. As I started working around my third birthday, my first check went straight to the bank.
I had arranged a birthday party for him and my children, who are all Aquarians. Instead, we got married. I ran out of excuses. It was just us and my children.
There werent any astronauts until I was about 10. Yuri Gagarin went into space right around my 10th birthday.
The turning point was when I hit my 30th birthday. I thought, if really want to write, its time to start. I picked up the book How to Write a Novel in 90 Days. The author said to just write three pages a day, and I figured, I can do this. I never got past Page 3 of that book.
I wasnt very good about juggling family and my career. I was interested in who was coming to the childrens birthday party, what my son was writing. I was thinking about Legos.
All I watch is the Food Network. I took a cheesemaking class a few weeks ago, and I told my family and friends to only get me kitchen stuff on my birthday. Im into every kind of cookbook and anything by Anthony Bourdain. Id love to own a restaurant if I could find the right chef.
I love having my birthday at Australia Zoo.
If theres one thing I really want for my birthday, that is for the mining company not to mine my daddys reserve.
The American flag is an enduring symbol of liberty, democracy, and justice. It is fitting that the House act to protect it as we approach our nations birthday, and as our men and women in uniform rally behind it in Iraqs battlefields.
Even when I was a kid, I had a good thing with kids. To this day, if I go to a birthday party with one of my kids, I swear to you, I am so much happier hanging out with my kids and their friends than talking to the grown-ups.
At her birthday, my seven-year-old daughter will say that she wants these big cakes and certain expensive toys as presents, and I cant say no to her. It would just break my heart. But when I was little, for birthdays we just played outside and we were happy if we got any cake.
For my birthday this year, my girlfriends - who knew Id just inherited my dads turntable - gave me a carton of albums like Blue Kentucky Girl, by Emmylou Harris, and Off the Wall, by Michael Jackson. Its all stuff we grew up with. I mean, you cant have a music collection without Princes Purple Rain - it just cant be done!
When I was in elementary school, I used to write letters to myself. Id write letters and go Dear Kristen-at-16-years-old, happy birthday. I hope youre doing something.
My brother got a .22 for his 12th birthday I got a .22. He got a hunting knife I got a hunting knife.
I married two weeks after my 18th birthday, far too young, and by the time I was 23 I was a single mother of three small children, Sean, Daniel and Victoria, living in a prefab house.
On a royal birthday every house must fly a flag, or the owner would be dragged to a police station and be fined twenty-five rubles.
I was fired by Americas Next Top Model on my birthday.
I am a big popcorn fanatic. I love popcorn. In fact one year for my birthday, my husband bought me one of those big popcorn machines like they have in movie theaters.
With a recent birthday, Ive been acting now for twenty years.
Lucy took care of me on the set, and made sure that none of the crew cussed around me. She also had birthday parties for me and made sure that they were well attended.
Brilliantly lit from stem to stern, she looked like a sagging birthday cake.
I used to go down every year for the remembrance of Elvis birthday. Memphis State College invited me to sit in the auditorium and speak to the people for one of those Elvis days.
And I was very shy as a kid if you sang me Happy Birthday, I would cry. Quite shy. So the idea of being an actor, much less a model, was just out of this world.
I sing a little bit. I got a guitar for my 16th birthday.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
If there is anything that a man can do well, I say let him do it. Give him a chance.
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
The superior man understands what is right the inferior man understands what will sell.
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
I am certainly not one of those who need to be prodded. In fact, if anything, I am the prod.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
Hell, there are no rules here - were trying to accomplish something.
All lasting business is built on friendship.
I want to put a ding in the universe.
A budget tells us what we cant afford, but it doesnt keep us from buying it.
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.
Dont let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesnt go with it.
Just because something doesnt do what you planned it to do doesnt mean its useless.
I think that there is nothing, not even crime, more opposed to poetry, to philosophy, ay, to life itself than this incessant business.
If all the economists were laid end to end, theyd never reach a conclusion.
Business is never so healthy as when, like a chicken, it must do a certain amount of scratching around for what it gets.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
A cardinal principle of Total Quality escapes too many managers: you cannot continuously improve interdependent systems and processes until you progressively perfect interdependent, interpersonal relationships.
The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed.
An economists guess is liable to be as good as anybody elses.
Corporation: An ingenious device for obtaining profit without individual responsibility.
Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality.
Its not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts.
Disneyland is a work of love. We didnt go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.
If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been.
Business, thats easily defined - its other peoples money.
Failure doesnt mean you are a failure it just means you havent succeeded yet.
If you can build a business up big enough, its respectable.
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didnt happen today.
Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done.
Business, more than any other occupation, is a continual dealing with the future it is a continual calculation, an instinctive exercise in foresight.
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
Our favorite holding period is forever.
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time!
Blessed is he who has found his work let him ask no other blessedness.
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If Im not there, I go to work.
Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, Make me feel important. Never forget this message when working with people.
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first the cash will come later.
An organizations ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream, the urge to make dreams come true and the tendency to miss lunch.
Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon.
As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth.
The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green.
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Economic depression cannot be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement. Economic wounds must be healed by the action of the cells of the economic body - the producers and consumers themselves.
Do more than is required. What is the distance between someone who achieves their goals consistently and those who spend their lives and careers merely following? The extra mile.
Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them.
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.
It takes more than capital to swing business. Youve got to have the A. I. D. degree to get by - Advertising, Initiative, and Dynamics.
Employees make the best dates. You dont have to pick them up and theyre always tax-deductible.
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.
Business is a combination of war and sport.
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission.
In modern business it is not the crook who is to be feared most, it is the honest man who doesnt know what he is doing.
Start with good people, lay out the rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things effectively, you cant miss.
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant.
If you owe the bank $100 thats your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, thats the banks problem.
Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.
We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects.
If you dont drive your business, you will be driven out of business.
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesnt always have to be their top priority.
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while.
I was told to avoid the business all together because of the rejection. People would say to me, Dont you want to have a normal job and a normal family? I guess that would be good advice for some people, but I wanted to act.
Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken house as to build a cathedral.
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
Ask five economists and youll get five different answers - six if one went to Harvard.
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
Informed decision-making comes from a long tradition of guessing and then blaming others for inadequate results.
A company is only as good as the people it keeps.
Dont worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, youll have to ram them down peoples throats.
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
Im not a driven businessman, but a driven artist. I never think about money. Beautiful things make money.
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.
Its easy to make a buck. Its a lot tougher to make a difference.
Meetings are indispensable when you dont want to do anything.
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such. All leaders whose fitness is questioned are clearly lacking in force.
Nothing so conclusively proves a mans ability to lead others as what he does from day to day to lead himself.
Carpe per diem - seize the check.
I buy when other people are selling.
A group or an artist shouldnt get his money until his boss gets his.
My son is now an entrepreneur. Thats what youre called when you dont have a job.
The fastest way to succeed is to look as if youre playing by somebody elses rules, while quietly playing by your own.
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a situation which common sense, without the grace of genius, can deal with successfully.
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.
When in doubt, mumble when in trouble, delegate when in charge, ponder.
There are two kinds of companies, those that work to try to charge more and those that work to charge less. We will be the second.
Remind people that profit is the difference between revenue and expense. This makes you look smart.
If you arent playing well, the game isnt as much fun. When that happens I tell myself just to go out and play as I did when I was a kid.
I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent comes naturally to me.
The best measure of a mans honesty isnt his income tax return. Its the zero adjust on his bathroom scale.
More business is lost every year through neglect than through any other cause.
The consumer isnt a moron she is your wife.
Ive never felt like I was in the cookie business. Ive always been in a feel good feeling business. My job is to sell joy. My job is to sell happiness. My job is to sell an experience.
The leader who exercises power with honor will work from the inside out, starting with himself.
I get to play golf for a living. What more can you ask for - getting paid for doing what you love.
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines.
The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks.
Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures.
I dont think meals have any business being deductible. Im for separation of calories and corporations.
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men the conviction and the will to carry on.
Punctuality is one of the cardinal business virtues: always insist on it in your subordinates.
Dont simply retire from something have something to retire to.
When did it become a problem to be a small businessman and become successful? The small businessman - like my father, or like me?
Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face. Youd be amazed how many companies dont listen to their customers.
Ones mind has a way of making itself up in the background, and it suddenly becomes clear what one means to do.
Family farms and small businesses are the backbone of our communities.
Word of mouth is the best medium of all.
What we actually learn, from any given set of circumstances, determines whether we become increasingly powerless or more powerful.
Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader.
Like dogs in a wheel, birds in a cage, or squirrels in a chain, ambitious men still climb and climb, with great labor, and incessant anxiety, but never reach the top.
If the career you have chosen has some unexpected inconvenience, console yourself by reflecting that no career is without them.
So little done, so much to do.
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Government in the U.S. today is a senior partner in every business in the country.
Real riches are the riches possessed inside.
Business is in itself a power.
Its called a pen. Its like a printer, hooked straight to my brain.
You cant operate a company by fear, because the way to eliminate fear is to avoid criticism. And the way to avoid criticism is to do nothing.
Web users ultimately want to get at data quickly and easily. They dont care as much about attractive sites and pretty design.
I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill.
Every few seconds it changes - up an eighth, down an eighth - its like playing a slot machine. I lose $20 million, I gain $20 million.
To think that the new economy is over is like somebody in London in 1830 saying the entire industrial revolution is over because some textile manufacturers in Manchester went broke.
Do not trust people. They are capable of greatness.
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.
People will buy anything that is one to a customer.
The herd instinct among forecasters makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
Look at growth, look at how much time people spend on the Net and look at the variety of things that they are doing. Its all really good, so I am actually encouraged by the fundamentals that underlie usage growth on the Net.
What weve gone through in the last several years has caused some people to question Can we trust Microsoft?
We dont have a monopoly. We have market share. Theres a difference.
Definition of a Statistician: A man who believes figures dont lie, but admits than under analysis some of them wont stand up either.
Business can be a source of progressive change.
Inside every working anarchy, theres an Old Boy Network.
If you have to forecast, forecast often.
Not for nothing is their motto TGIF - Thank God Its Friday. They live for the weekends, when they can go do what they really want to do.
The work of the individual still remains the spark that moves mankind ahead even more than teamwork.
Whats the subject of life - to get rich? All of those fellows out there getting rich could be dancing around the real subject of life.
Only a monopolist could study a business and ruin it by giving away products.
The incestuous relationship between government and big business thrives in the dark.
The great leaders are like the best conductors - they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
If we listened to our intellect, wed never have a love affair. Wed never have a friendship. Wed never go into business, because wed be cynical. Well, thats nonsense. Youve got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.
Discourage litigation. Persuade your neighbors to compromise whenever you can. As a peacemaker the lawyer has superior opportunity of being a good man. There will still be business enough.
Government help to business is just as disastrous as government persecution... the only way a government can be of service to national prosperity is by keeping its hands off.
If I were to try to read, much less answer, all the attacks made on me, this shop might as well be closed for any other business.
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You cant truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.
Politics is not a game. It is an earnest business.
It is easy enough to be friendly to ones friends. But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion. The other is mere business.
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
Prophesy is a good line of business, but it is full of risks.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
I was at this casino minding my own business, and this guy came up to me and said, Youre gonna have to move, youre blocking a fire exit. As though if there was a fire, I wasnt gonna run. If youre flammible and have legs, you are never blocking a fire exit.
Its time to fundamentally change the way that we do business in Washington. To help build a new foundation for the 21st century, we need to reform our government so that it is more efficient, more transparent, and more creative. That will demand new thinking and a new sense of responsibility for every dollar that is spent.
Politics is just like show business. You have a hell of an opening, coast for a while, and then have a hell of a close.
Those who govern, having much business on their hands, do not generally like to take the trouble of considering and carrying into execution new projects. The best public measures are therefore seldom adopted from previous wisdom, but forced by the occasion.
The TV business is uglier than most things. It is normally perceived as some kind of cruel and shallow money trench through the heart of the journalism industry, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free and good men die like dogs, for no good reason.
The first mistake in public business is the going into it.
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.
I must create a system or be enslaved by another mans I will not reason and compare: my business is to create.
It is clearly better that property should be private, but the use of it common and the special business of the legislator is to create in men this benevolent disposition.
If you spend your life competing with business men, what do you have? A bank account and ulcers!
Girls shouldnt worry about being the equal of men in the business world.
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment.
Justice means minding ones own business and not meddling with other mens concerns.
Ultimately, who you choose to be in a relationship with and what you do in your bedroom is your business.
The greatest ability in business is to get along with others and to influence their actions.
Dad almost died of a heart attack in the middle of making Apocalypse Now, the biggest movie of his life. It doesnt make you want to jump into that business.
Only he is successful in his business who makes that pursuit which affords him the highest pleasure sustain him.
When youre young, you look at television and think, theres a conspiracy. The networks have conspired to dumb us down. But when you get a little older, you realize thats not true. The networks are in business to give people exactly what they want.
Modern poets talk against business, poor things, but all of us write for money. Beginners are subjected to trial by market.
Theres nobody in the business strong enough to scare me.
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I dont think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other.
The things most people want to know about are usually none of their business.
Art is the beautiful way of doing things. Science is the effective way of doing things. Business is the economic way of doing things.
Statistics suggest that when customers complain, business owners and managers ought to get excited about it. The complaining customer represents a huge opportunity for more business.
If people in the media cannot decide whether they are in the business of reporting news or manufacturing propaganda, it is all the more important that the public understand that difference, and choose their news sources accordingly.
I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time.
I worked hard all my life as far as this music business. I dreamed of the day when I could go to New York and feel comfortable and they could come out here and be comfortable.
Raising children is an incredibly hard and risky business in which no cumulative wisdom is gained: each generation repeats the mistakes the previous one made.
Let your Discourse with Men of Business be Short and Comprehensive.
In the US, there is basically one party - the business party. It has two factions, called Democrats and Republicans, which are somewhat different but carry out variations on the same policies. By and large, I am opposed to those policies. As is most of the population.
Editor: a person employed by a newspaper, whose business it is to separate the wheat from the chaff, and to see that the chaff is printed.
Microsoft has had two goals in the last 10 years. One was to copy the Mac, and the other was to copy Lotus success in the spreadsheet - basically, the applications business. And over the course of the last 10 years, Microsoft accomplished both of those goals. And now they are completely lost.
My recipe for dealing with anger and frustration: set the kitchen timer for twenty minutes, cry, rant, and rave, and at the sound of the bell, simmer down and go about business as usual.
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
Mickey Mouse popped out of my mind onto a drawing pad 20 years ago on a train ride from Manhattan to Hollywood at a time when business fortunes of my brother Roy and myself were at lowest ebb and disaster seemed right around the corner.
But Apple really beats to a different drummer. I used to say that Apple should be the Sony of this business, but in reality, I think Apple should be the Apple of this business.
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large.
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
I have never once regretted missing a business opportunity so that I could be with my children and grandchildren.
Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!
If you were successful, somebody along the line gave you some help... Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in roads and bridges. If youve got a business - you didnt build that. Somebody else made that happen.
We dont seem to be able to check crime, so why not legalize it and then tax it out of business?
Thanks to my mother, not a single cardboard box has found its way back into society. We receive gifts in boxes from stores that went out of business twenty years ago.
In this business, by the time you realize youre in trouble, its too late to save yourself. Unless youre running scared all the time, youre gone.
I love producing. I am loving doing that. I think that is my most natural space in the business. I just love producing or editing and thats where I thrive.
Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.
Business and growing jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but always striving. It is about dreams. Usually, it doesnt work out exactly as you might have imagined. Steve Jobs was fired at Apple. He came back and changed the world.
A person who is too nice an observer of the business of the crowd, like one who is too curious in observing the labor of bees, will often be stung for his curiosity.
After you have exhausted what there is in business, politics, conviviality, and so on - have found that none of these finally satisfy, or permanently wear - what remains? Nature remains.
In almost every profession - whether its law or journalism, finance or medicine or academia or running a small business - people rely on confidential communications to do their jobs. We count on the space of trust that confidentiality provides. When someone breaches that trust, we are all worse off for it.
Its none of their business that you have to learn how to write. Let them think you were born that way.
Few businessmen are capable of being in politics, they dont understand the democratic process, they have neither the tolerance or the depth it takes. Democracy isnt a business.
I do not believe a man can ever leave his business. He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night.
I love my family very much. I wish I could see them a little more often than I do. But we understand because were a show business family and we all work.
Competition is the keen cutting edge of business, always shaving away at costs.
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.
Business is the salt of life.
This is a fantastic time to be entering the business world, because business is going to change more in the next 10 years than it has in the last 50.
I never called my work an art. Its part of show business, the business of building entertainment.
You know, out-of-touch liberals like Barack Obama say they want a strong economy, but in everything they do, they show they dont like business very much. But the economy, of course, is simply the product of all the businesses of the nation added together. So its a bit like saying you like an omelet, but you dont like eggs.
Business opportunities are like buses, theres always another one coming.
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective.
Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or its not going to get the business.
In business or in life, dont follow the wagon tracks too closely.
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.
Perpetual devotion to what a man calls his business is only to be sustained by perpetual neglect of many other things.
Behind every small business, theres a story worth knowing. All the corner shops in our towns and cities, the restaurants, cleaners, gyms, hair salons, hardware stores - these didnt come out of nowhere.
Prosperous farmers mean more employment, more prosperity for the workers and the business men of every industrial area in the whole country.
Freedom. Freedom of religion. Freedom to speak their mind. Freedom to build a life. And yes, freedom to build a business. With their own hands. This is the essence of the American experience.
When a management with a reputation for brilliance tackles a business with a reputation for bad economics, it is the reputation of the business that remains intact.
You can close more business in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get people interested in you.
What men have called friendship is only a social arrangement, a mutual adjustment of interests, an interchange of services given and received it is, in sum, simply a business from which those involved propose to derive a steady profit for their own self-love.
I dont want to run around and look at a shot through a monitor. That doesnt improve what Im trying to do. I figure, once Ive done my job, its none of my business.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them.
If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.
And fifth, we will champion small businesses, Americas engine of job growth. That means reducing taxes on business, not raising them. It means simplifying and modernizing the regulations that hurt small business the most. And it means that we must rein in the skyrocketing cost of healthcare by repealing and replacing Obamacare.
I know what its like to start a business. I know how extra ordinarily difficult it is to build something from nothing. I know how government kills jobs and, yes, I know how it can help from time- to-time.
Washington has to become an ally of business, not the opposition of business.
When you raise taxes on small business, from 35% to 40%, you will kill jobs.
That business we started with 10 people has now grown into a great American success story.
The business of the poet is not to find new emotions, but to use the ordinary ones and, in working them up into poetry, to express feelings which are not in actual emotions at all.
Nothing is so intolerable to man as being fully at rest, without a passion, without business, without entertainment, without care.
The purpose of a business is to create a customer.
Advertising is a racket, like the movies and the brokerage business. You cannot be honest without admitting that its constructive contribution to humanity is exactly minus zero.
After all, the chief business of the American people is business. They are profoundly concerned with producing, buying, selling, investing and prospering in the world.
Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business.
I have never yet seen any plan which has not been mended by the observations of those who were much inferior in understanding to the person who took the lead in the business.
My objection to Liberalism is this that it is the introduction into the practical business of life of the highest kind namely, politics of philosophical ideas instead of political principles.
All animals, except man, know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.
I also believe that government has no business telling us how we should live our lives. I think our lifestyle choices should be left up to us. What we do in our private lives is none of the governments business. That position rules out the Republican Party for me.
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.
Mental fight means thinking against the current, not with it. It is our business to puncture gas bags and discover the seeds of truth.
So we really need jobs now. We have to take jobs away from other countries because other countries are taking our jobs. There is practically not a country that does business with the United States that isnt making - lets call it a very big profit. I mean China is going to make $300 billion on us at least this year.
When from our better selves we have too long been parted by the hurrying world, and droop. Sick of its business, of its pleasures tired, how gracious, how benign is solitude.
Young people are fitter to invent than to judge fitter for execution than for counsel and more fit for new projects than for settled business.
Creative people dont behave very well generally. If youre looking for examples of good relationships in show business, youre gonna be depressed real fast. I dont have time for anything else right now but work and my daughter. Shes my first priority.
But I believe in fair trade, and I will tell you, I have many, many friends heading up corporations, and people that do just business in China, they say its virtually impossible. Its very, very hard to come into China. And yet, we welcome them with open arms.
When I started my last business, I didnt receive a paycheck for 13 months. The average person cant handle that pressure.
If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that well have them tomorrow.
I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary. If its somebody elses secretary, fine.
Most men are individuals no longer so far as their business, its activities, or its moralities are concerned. They are not units but fractions.
The first rule of business is: Do other men for they would do you.
The one great principle of English law is to make business for itself.
The average bright young man who is drafted hates the whole business because an army always tries to eliminate the individual differences in men.
To me, business isnt about wearing suits or pleasing stockholders. Its about being true to yourself, your ideas and focusing on the essentials.
American business has just forgotten the importance of selling.
Employers and business leaders need people who can think for themselves - who can take initiative and be the solution to problems.
Business underlies everything in our national life, including our spiritual life. Witness the fact that in the Lords Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach.
No matter what business youre in, you cant run in place or someone will pass you by. It doesnt matter how many games youve won.
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation.
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.
Towns find it as hard as houses of business to rise again from ruin.
A grocer is attracted to his business by a magnetic force as great as the repulsion which renders it odious to artists.
The life of a man who deliberately runs through his fortune often becomes a business speculation his friends, his pleasures, patrons, and acquaintances are his capital.
Money is a strange business. People who havent got it aim it strongly. People who have are full of troubles.
The business of America is business.
For many my behavior has been a major disappointment, my behavior has caused considerable worry to my business partners, and everyone involved in my business, but most importantly to the young people we influence, I apologize.
The only business of the head in the world is to bow a ceaseless obeisance to the heart.
Democrats think the country works better with a strong middle class, real opportunities for poor people to work their way into it and a relentless focus on the future, with business and government working together to promote growth and broadly shared prosperity. We think were all in this together is a better philosophy than youre on your own.
If you have learned how to disagree without being disagreeable, then you have discovered the secrete of getting along - whether it be business, family relations, or life itself.
I think I could go away tomorrow. Ive already accomplished something. Its such a selfish business that sometimes I get sick of myself.
My philosophy is: Its none of my business what people say of me and think of me.
Its like you always have to put on a happy face, be the phony baloney, and Im so not that. I never was that Ill never be that. That is part of the business that I dont like. Maybe that will always keep me an outsider, I dont know. But thats fine.
The art which we may call generally art of the wayside, as opposed to that which is the business of mens lives, is, in the best sense of the word, Grotesque.
The business of art is to reveal the relation between man and his environment.
It is not fit the public trusts should be lodged in the hands of any, till they are first proved and found fit for the business they are to be entrusted with.
I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence I can reach for perfection is Gods business.
Contrary to popular opinion, the hustle is not a new dance step - it is an old business procedure.
I believe fundamental honesty is the keystone of business.
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.
I think a simple rule of business is, if you do the things that are easier first, then you can actually make a lot of progress.
If a mans character is to be abused theres nobody like a relative to do the business.
A government, for protecting business only, is but a carcass, and soon falls by its own corruption and decay.
The main business of religions is to purify, control, and restrain that excessive and exclusive taste for well-being which men acquire in times of equality.
It is your business when the wall next door catches fire.
Let us permit nature to have her way. She understands her business better than we do.
Be the business never so painful, you may have it done for money.
I strongly believe that missionaries make better products. They care more. For a missionary, its not just about the business. There has to be a business, and the business has to make sense, but thats not why you do it. You do it because you have something meaningful that motivates you.
Music is spiritual. The music business is not.
Advertising is a business of words, but advertising agencies are infested with men and women who cannot write. They cannot write advertisements, and they cannot write plans. They are helpless as deaf mutes on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera.
If we must have a tyrant, let him at least be a gentleman who has been bred to the business, and let us fall by the axe and not by the butchers cleaver.
In day-to-day commerce, television is not so much interested in the business of communications as in the business of delivering audiences to advertisers. People are the merchandise, not the shows. The shows are merely the bait.
In the end, all business operations can be reduced to three words: people, product, and profits.
The true measure of the value of any business leader and manager is performance.
Writing fiction has become a priestly business in countries that have lost their faith.
Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.
If you like a person you say lets go into business together. Man is a social animal after all, but such partnerships are fraught with danger.
Theres no reason to be the richest man in the cemetery. You cant do any business from there.
Business is not just doing deals business is having great products, doing great engineering, and providing tremendous service to customers. Finally, business is a cobweb of human relationships.
My business is to teach my aspirations to confirm themselves to fact, not to try and make facts harmonize with my aspirations.
Im someone who loves to enjoy life and tries to focus on real things and real friendships. Thats why I live very simply. Im a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl. I dont spend much time fixing myself up or trying to look cool. I live like a normal person and even though Im in a very high-profile business, I really dont let it affect the way I live.
The law does not pretend to punish everything that is dishonest. That would seriously interfere with business.
Almost anyone can be an author the business is to collect money and fame from this state of being.
What other people think about me is not my business.
Love has always been the most important business in my life, I should say the only one.
Being tall is an advantage, especially in business. People will always remember you. And if youre in a crowd, youll always have some clean air to breathe.
Ive got to keep breathing. Itll be my worst business mistake if I dont.
A live concert to me is exciting because of all the electricity that is generated in the crowd and on stage. Its my favorite part of the business, live concerts.
Of course, everybody makes mistakes, and weve all been young and stupid. But people need to have a sense of respect, particularly in this business, because hundreds of people are ready to take your place at any time. Maybe some people should think about that.
You know, I look like a woman but I think like a man. And in this world of business, that has helped me a lot. Because by the time they think that I dont know whats goin on, I then got the money, and gone.
There are no right and wrong ways to work in this business, but there are some basic common-sense practices. Work very, very hard and always be prepared never give up and once you get the job, give them more than they ever expected: - Shine!
There is nothing more requisite in business than despatch.
Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business.
I started out mopping floors, waiting tables, and tending bar at my dads tavern. I put myself through school working odd jobs and night shifts. I poured my heart and soul into a small business. And when I saw how out-of-touch Washington had become with the core values of this great nation, I put my name forward and ran for office.
Teach your children how to behave with animals. Adopt a pet. Dont go buy one. Please. Thats a sin. Lets get these puppy mills out of business.
The minute you try to talk business with him he takes the attitude that he is a gentleman and a scholar, and the moment you try to approach him on the level of his moral integrity he starts to talk business.
For the first time were allowing developers who dont work at Facebook to develop applications just as if they were. Thats a big deal because it means that all developers have a new way of doing business if they choose to take advantage of it. There are whole companies that are forming whose only product is a Facebook Platform application.
Every business and every product has risks. You cant get around it.
Comedy may be big business but it isnt pretty.
When I was in college, I was debating to try my hand at show business, or to become a professor. I just thought of the risk of not going into show business and always wondering if I wouldve had a chance. Because thats where my real heart was.
It is the artists business to create sunshine when the sun fails.
I do not regret one professional enemy I have made. Any actor who doesnt dare to make an enemy should get out of the business.
Christmas is over and Business is Business.
Politics would be a helluva good business if it werent for the goddamned people.
It is just as important that business keep out of government as that government keep out of business.
Kelly Clarkson
Very few, if any, first-generation black or white or Asian kids will pursue a Ph.D. Theyll pursue the professions for economic security. Many will go to law school and/or business school.
The sad truth is that without complex business partnerships between African elites and European traders and commercial agents, the slave trade to the New World would have been impossible, at least on the scale it occurred.
Follow sound business trends, not fashion trends.
The death of any man aged 56 is very sad for his widow and family. And no one would deny that Steve Jobs was a brilliant and highly innovative technician, with great business flair and marketing ability.
Thats what show business is, sincere insincerity.
If the First Amendment means anything, it means that a state has no business telling a man, sitting alone in his house, what books he may read or what films he may watch.
Organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people who need strength in numbers. It tells people to go out and stick their noses in other peoples business.
Part of show business is magic. You dont know how it happens.
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create.
Positive thinking is the key to success in business, education, pro football, anything that you can mention. I go out there thinking that Im going to complete every pass.
Death is a billion-dollar business. They cant even pass a law where it takes seven days to get a gun. Why dont you have to go through the same kind of screening you do to get a drivers license? Its totally insane.
I have laid aside business, and gone afishing.
Understand why casinos and racetracks stay in business - the gambler always loses over the long term.
Any work thats worth doing has its challenges as well as its opportunities. Thats true if youre running a business, its true if youre trying to help on a campaign.
Now that women are jockeys, baseball umpires, atomic scientists, and business executives, maybe someday they can master parallel parking.
Los Angeles is such a town of show business, and Im a terrible celebrity. I find it difficult - its the beast that must be fed. Theres this big wheel of pictures and articles that goes around, and you get pinned on it.
I couldnt be an ingenue today, because the business has changed. I remember when you could dress for a premiere just by putting on a cute top. Now you have to be perfect and fabulous in every way, or youre ridiculed.
I started the site when I was 19. I didnt know much about business back then.
All the business of war, and indeed all the business of life, is to endeavour to find out what you dont know by what you do thats what I called guess what was at the other side of the hill.
The common question that gets asked in business is, why? Thats a good question, but an equally valid question is, why not?
Theres another way we are getting behind business - by sorting out the banks. Taxpayers bailed you out. Now its time for you to repay the favour and start lending to Britains small businesses.
Commitments are one of the worst things to have in the music business. Theyre very annoying.
Im an introvert at heart... And show business - even though Ive loved it so much - has always been hard for me.
Romney is right that the Obama vision is too centered on government. But his is too centered on the promotion of business and wealth creation at the expense of everything else.
There is something sinister, something quite biographical about what I do - but that part is for me. Its my personal business. I think there is a lot of romance, melancholy. Theres a sadness to it, but theres romance in sadness. I suppose I am a very melancholy person.
A merchant who approaches business with the idea of serving the public well has nothing to fear from the competition.
If you deprive yourself of outsourcing and your competitors do not, youre putting yourself out of business.
Most of my relationships were people in the business. Having said that, me and Tim dont really talk that much about work. He comes into my bit of the house every so often to vent but we dont really have very high, cultured conversations.
When I was in N.W.A. and didnt get paid all the money I was owed, thats when the business side of showbiz hit me.
Short cycle business are being impacted by credit, and are being impacted by gasoline prices, food, distribution businesses, chemical business.
Politics is just show business for ugly people.
I think we have to notice that the business processes we use right now for thinking and planning and budgeting and strategy are all delivered on very tight agendas.
The 9-9-9 plan would resuscitate this economy because it replaces the outdated tax code that allows politicians to pick winners and losers, and to provide favors in the form of tax breaks, special exemptions and loopholes. It simplifies the code dramatically: 9% business flat tax, 9% personal flat tax, 9% sales tax.
I dont have more money. I wont have more money than any of the candidates, even the Republican candidates. We know that already. But we are building this campaign team like I would build a business. And that is, we are building it so far with no debt.
Whether you were talking about Pillsbury, Burger King, Godfathers, the National Restaurant Association, in each one of those situations, I had a daunting problem that I had to solve. And I used the same business principles to approach the problem and, more importantly, solve the problem in every one of the situations.
My approach to cutting spending as president, is to do a ten percent across the board cut of all federal agencies, and then ask each of my new agency heads to find another ten percent by drilling down. Thats what you do in business to come up with approximately 20 percent cuts for the first fiscal year budget.
Interest in business ethics courses has surged, and student activities at leading business schools are more focused than ever before on making business serve long-term social values.
The whole business is built on ego, vanity, self-satisfaction, and its total crap to pretend its not.
Half the time men think they are talking business, they are wasting time.
Ive seen so many people in this business that made a fortune. They get old and broke and cant make any money. I tell you something... no ones going to play a benefit for Jimmy Dean.
I do not understand how it is that financial institutions could think that they could take taxpayer money and then turn around and act like its business as usual. I dont understand how they cant see that the world has changed in a fundamental way, that it is not business as usual when you take taxpayer dollars.
Man, I dont want to have nothing to do with computers. I dont want the government in my business.
Music and the music business are two different things.
Dont solicit feedback on your product, idea or your business just for validation purposes. You want to tell the people who can help move your idea forward, but if youre just looking to your friend, co-worker, husband or wife for validation, be careful. It can stop a lot of multimillion-dollar ideas in their tracks in the beginning.
Theres no business like show business, but there are several businesses like accounting.
Well, I think that theres a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, youre likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.
Interior design is a business of trust.
If you break 100, watch your golf. If you break 80, watch your business.
Im in a business where no one cares about anything except how well your last collection sold.
When I started the business, I hardly went home. I became very driven about work and about my career.
I think it is an immutable law in business that words are words, explanations are explanations, promises are promises - but only performance is reality.
In business, words are words explanations are explanations, promises are promises, but only performance is reality.
Its so hard for women in this business. And I want to be doing this when Im 50.
Business is war. I go out there, I want to kill the competitors. I want to make their lives miserable. I want to steal their market share. I want them to fear me and I want everyone on my team thinking were going to win.
I want to apologize to all of the people I have let down because of my behavior which has reflected badly on my family, friends, co-workers, business associates and others.
Diplomats make it their business to conceal the facts.
I know the history of the record business so well because I followed Billie Holiday into the record studios. It was so primitive compared to the sophisticated business today.
There is no business in America that would be prevented from taking results into account when making personnel decisions.
It is rare to find a business partner who is selfless. If you are lucky it happens once in a lifetime.
Teenage girls these days are more and more getting lured into thinking they should dumb themselves down, and thats going to attract the wrong kind of guy, and its serious. Its serious business.
The camera fails to capture the business in show business! We typically will give 10 percent of our salary to the agent, 10 percent to the manager, and 5 percent to the lawyer, plus the publicist gets a flat fee, which needs to be budgeted for.
The movie business is a big gamble.
I feel fine, I dont care who the director is. All you have to do is know what your doing - all of us - everybody in the business - thats all you ask anyone - you know your job, I know mine, lets go do it.
You wouldnt want to be called a sell-out by selling a product. Selling out was frowned on, whereas now you can major in it at business school.
I find myself going to places where I really have no business, speaking to these people in a whole other field that I have no extensive knowledge of. But I do it very often because it scares me.
Many people see technology as the problem behind the so-called digital divide. Others see it as the solution. Technology is neither. It must operate in conjunction with business, economic, political and social system.
Dont think of yourself as a woman in business.
Had anyone told me that I was going to have a career in business, I would have said, No way.
You know, every family and every business in California knows what it means to go through tough times.
If you have a line of business - I know this as a CEO - or if you have a teenager - I know this as a parent - who have a spending problem, what do you do? You quit giving them money.
Childhood is a tricky business. Usually, something goes wrong.
Treaties, agreements and organizations to help settle disputes may be necessary, but they often favor the interests of business over citizens.
I propose that the government should get out of the business of marrying people and, instead, only give legal status to civil unions.
When I started Netscape I was brand new out of college and all the aspects of building a business, like balance sheets and hiring people, were new to me.
Our combination of great research universities, a pro-risk business culture, deep pools of innovation-seeking equity capital and reliable business and contract law is unprecedented and unparalleled in the world.
Perhaps the single most dramatic example of this phenomenon of software eating a traditional business is the suicide of Borders and corresponding rise of Amazon.
Newspapers with declining circulations can complain all they want about their readers and even say they have no taste. But you will still go out of business over time. A newspaper is not a public trust - it has a business model that either works or it doesnt.
I want to go out at the top, but the secret is knowing when youre at the top, its so difficult in this business, your career fluctuates all the time, up and down, like a pair of trousers.
You shouldnt be in the music business if youre posing.
Like everybody in show business, you think youre going to wake up one day, and its all going to be taken away from you. I think we all share an insecurity in that way, everybody in show business - the ones I talk to, anyway.
Im not saying I wasnt flawed or amateurish. But you can never say I did anything to appease the music business.
Listen, if theres one sure-fire rule that I have learned in this business, its that I dont know anything about human nature.
Dear, never forget one little point. Its my business. You just work here.
Im no longer dependent on the movie business to make a living. So if I want to make movies as other old guys would play golf, I can.
I learned you have to fight for yourself in the picture business.
As an actress, emotions are my business, my stock-in-trade. As such, Ive dealt with them nearly all my life.
I think people are used to seeing actors be wide open and desperately giving of themselves, and while I do that on a movie set as much as I can, its so unnatural for me to do it on television, in interviews, in anything like that. I also dont find that my process as an actor is really anyone elses business.
A business like an automobile, has to be driven, in order to get results.
After I left the White House, I kept a foothold in the business of American politics as a talk-show host, analyst, commentator, speechmaker, and occasional writer. I was no longer a practitioner, but I was still a partisan, a Democrat, a blue-stater through and through.
After all is said that can be said upon the liquor traffic, its influence is degrading upon the individual, the family, politics and business, and upon everything that you touch in this old world.
Extracting oil from the tar sands is a nasty, polluting, energy-intensive business.
I challenge you to show me where the saloon has ever helped business, education, church, morals or anything we hold dear.
I have been, and will go on, fighting that damnable, dirty, rotten business with all the power at my command.
White shall not neutralize the black, nor good compensate bad in man, absolve him so: lifes business being just the terrible choice.
In America, we no longer have an institutionalized, organized way of calling business to task - of taking them to account for what theyve done - and this is especially true in the cultural realm.
Selling public property is the true Chicago way. Had Mr. Obama not been elected president, the nations business journals would be falling over one another to praise his city for its daring, market-friendly innovations.
As you watch the world crumble, try taking your Armageddon with this sprinkling of irony: Over the last three decades, business has got virtually everything it wanted, and its doomsday scenario from the 1970s has come true because of it.
We have mountain of debt that isnt going away and all the problems are here to stay, and anybody who tells you that is a good thing ought to get out of the business of helping the government down the road.
What other people think of me is none of my business.
The Rights view of government and the Lefts view of big business are both correct.
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves.
The trouble with movies as a business is that its an art, and the trouble with movies as art is that its a business.
In business, the competition will bite you if you keep running, if you stand still, they will swallow you.
You can hype a questionable product for a little while, but youll never build an enduring business.
The nature of the global business environment guarantees that no matter how hard we work to create a stable and healthy organisation, our organisation will continue to experience dramatic changes far beyond our control.
I think everybody has their own way of looking at their lives as some kind of pilgrimage. Some people will see their role as a pilgrim in terms of setting up a fine family, or establishing a business inheritance. Everyones got their own definition.
I am a child but I have to think and act like a woman, this business forces you to.
Business ethics has always had problems that are distinct from those of other professions, such as medicine, law, engineering, dentistry, or nursing.
Do business managers have a commitment to anything more than the success of their company and to making money? It would be hard to say that they do. Indeed, many business leaders deny that there is any conflict between self-interest and the interests of all.
I think in politics, in Congress, you often do things that are Republican, or you do things because youre a Democrat. Sometimes thats good, obviously, and sometimes thats obviously bad. But in the news business, theres no such thing as Republican or Democratic news. News is news.
I have watched people who have nothing to do with the film business, but who have become part of the circle for a short period of time. They can be truly devastated when the film wraps and people leave.
This film business, perhaps more so in America than in Europe, has always been about young sexuality. Its not true of theatre, but in America, film audiences are young. Its not an intellectual cinema in America.
Let me remind you that credit is the lifeblood of business, the lifeblood of prices and jobs.
I hate show business.
I heard someone from the music business saying they are no longer looking for talent, they want people with a certain look and a willingness to cooperate.
The message I take all round the world is Britain is open for business.
I gave up lots of things I love doing: writing, and business, and playing the piano and so on.
Our company is built on people - those who work for us, and those we do business with.
In this business it takes time to be really good - and by that time, youre obsolete.
Kids are great. Thats one of the best things about our business, all the kids you get to meet. Its a shame they have to grow up to be regular people and come to the games and call you names.
I was a good amateur but only an average professional. I soon realized that there was a limit to how far I could rise in the music business, so I left the band and enrolled at New York University.
A lot of people say Id miss show business if I quit. Id miss some of it. Now its the only life I know.
You hear entertainers all the time, saying, If I couldnt get paid for this, Id do it for free. Whens the last time you ever heard a business person say, If I couldnt get paid for being chairman of British Petroleum, Id do it for free?
One thing is certain in business. You and everyone around you will make mistakes.
My whole familys been in the business. My whole family is crazy.
Christ would be a national advertiser today, I am sure, as He was a great advertiser in His own day. He thought of His life as business.
Jesus picked up twelve men from the bottom ranks of business and forged them into an organisation that conquered the world.
Losses have propelled me to even bigger places, so I understand the importance of losing. You can never get complacent because a loss is always around the corner. Its in any game that youre in - a business game or whatever - you cant get complacent.
Corporations are not in business to be social-welfare organizations they are there to make money.
Ill never forget that show season. It was completely mad. I was staying between Christy and Naomis rooms and it was all limos and the Ritz Hotel and all that kind of business.
I have made some of the best friends that Ive got in this business.
By 1969, when I celebrated 45 years in the music business, I also had 45 people in our musical family.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous and it is among the merits of science that it equips the future for its duties.
My curiosity and my appetite for evolving as an actor is one of the main components of me still working today in the business.
Its a reality that in this business theres an expectation of being thin. But having a baby is a reality too, and its more important for me to make milk than to fit into those tiny pants. So thats just going to have to wait.
A lot of people, including business leaders, think the future belongs to China. Globalization is not a zero-sum game, but we need to hone our skills to stay in play.
The monarchy is foremost a business, and its important to them that the British public continue to finance the excessive luxurious lifestyles of the now quite enormous, wasteful and useless royal family. I find it very sad.
My view is that you still, in order to win from the Labour perspective, have to have a strong alliance with business as well as the unions. You have got to be very much in the centre ground on things like public sector reform.
The word career is a divisive word. Its a word that divides the normal life from business or professional life.
Some years ago there was a study to discover the most stressful occupation. It turned out not to be the head of a large business, football manager or prime minister, but rather: bus driver.
And Im not apolitical - Im very specific in my politics. But a lot of the time its nobodys business unless youre over at my house having dinner.
Desperation is the perfume of the young actor. Its so satisfying to have gotten rid of it. If you keep smelling it, it can drive you crazy. In this business a lot of people go nuts, go eccentric, even end up dead from it. Not my plan.
I have pretty thick skin, and I think if youre going to be in this business, if youre going to be an actor or a writer, you better have a thick skin.
We have in this country a federal government that increasingly is engaged in trying to determine which business, which regions, which industries will succeed, which will not through a whole range of economic development, regional development corporate subsidization programs.
I was bullied as a kid, and I got a job on television. And I had a camera. And so I wanted to go after those business bullies. And I just have been following that instinct.
I still have a lot to learn - about the business, about music, and about myself. Its exciting.
Suits are looked at more now as a business thing which is kind of a shame. If youre not wearing it just for work, you should try and trick it up a bit.
I genuinely believe that if you want to get in the film business, get in the film business.
My goal in the beginning was to buy my mother a house. Now I realize, okay, if I really focus and become a key player in business, then I can build an empire.
We are at a crossroads in the music business: with the rise of the internet, the world we live in has changed, and the past is not coming back. But I see the glass as half-full: the internet and social networking are new avenues for the next Bob Dylan to be born on.
Female rappers get it the hardest. You have to be a girl, yet you have to be just as hard as the guys. I think some female rappers get scared out of the business before they can make it.
I want to own an NFL franchise. I understand the business of football.
Its not hard to get your way when its your way or the highway. People either follow suit or theyre not around. I dont really like the sound of that, cause that sounds like a temper tantrum. Im just very black and white when it comes to my business. Theres really no gray area.
Planning cities is a necessary but risky business.
I remember when I first started in the business, I lost a lot of friends. Some were jealous, some were annoyed at the fact that I was an actress.
Environmentalism opposes reckless innovation and makes conservation the central order of business.
A business like acting is 90% luck. You can be a star one minute and out of work the next.
You have a career, and you start as a business person. And you work your way, you reach this peak, and you know the times going to come when you go back down.
You can say what you want to about a rapper in a movie, but look at what Ice Cube has done. Ice Cube has created more opportunities for other actors to get jobs in this business than some actors have.
When I decided to get married at 40, I couldnt find a dress with the modernity or sophistication I wanted. Thats when I saw the opportunity for a wedding gown business.
Baseball is a game, yes. It is also a business. But what is most truly is is disguised combat. For all its gentility, its almost leisurely pace, baseball is violence under wraps.
In principle, there are only three main components of spending that much matter to monetary policy: consumer spending, business investment and exports and trade.
Politicians also have a love affair with the small business exemption. Too much paperwork? Too heavy a burden? Not enough time? Just exempt small businesses from the rule. It sounds so pro-growth. Instead its an admission that the costs of a regulation just cant be justified.
Today I can announce a raft of reforms that we estimate could save over 2.5 million police hours every year. Thats the equivalent of more than 1,200 police officer posts. These reforms are a watershed moment in policing. They show that we really mean business in busting bureaucracy.
I am just at that stage of wondering where I go from here. I came into this business almost by accident, but now it has become serious. What started as a bit of fun, something to do other than be a model, has taken on a different career curve. I have been forced to ask where that curve is going to end up.
I believe people who go into politics want to do the right thing. And then they hit a big wall of re-election and the pettiness of politics. In the end, politics gets in the way of the business of people.
My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day.
When I was building the Vietnam Memorial, I never once asked the veterans what it was like in the war, because from my point of view, you dont pry into other peoples business.
Ive learned that life is very tricky business: Each person needs to find what they want to do in life and not be dissuaded when people question them.
The jewelry business is a very, very tough business - tougher than the computer business. You truly have to understand how to take care of your customers.
Its tough because a lot of my friends in normal life, a lot of my friends in the entertainment business, and a lot of my friends in the wrestling business are gay. Just to say something spiteful and hurtful, I dont get it... if it was true and I was gay, Id embrace it, and Id tell you guys about it and Id celebrate it.
I have no business being a journalist. Im the least, Im the least - Im the most trusting, I absolutely make a habit of believing anything that anybody tells me about themselves. Ive never had any reason in the world to think that anyone has wanted to harm me, or lie to me. I believe whatever is being sold, most of the time.
In practice we, in the world, must do business with each other.
Living the past is a dull and lonely business looking back strains the neck muscles, causing you to bump into people not going your way.
Rarely in modern times has there been such a revolution in commercial sentiment as occurred in 2008, or such a display in government and business of panic and helplessness.
Being in the business and growing up in L.A., I think I turned out pretty OK.
Profits in business always depend on the rate of interest: the higher the interest, the higher the rate of profit required.
Up until the Depression, recession had a moral character: it was supposed to purge the body economic of the greed and excess that attends a business expansion.
A shady business never yields a sunny life.
Everybodys business is nobodys business, and nobodys business is my business.
When a book leaves your hands, it belongs to God. He may use it to save a few souls or to try a few others, but I think that for the writer to worry is to take over Gods business.
Anything that isnt opposed by about 40 percent of humanity is either an evil business or so unimportant that it simply doesnt matter.
Except for politics, no business is scrutinized more exhaustively than journalism.
There is a growing literature about the multitude of journalisms problems, but most of it is concerned with the editorial side of the business, possibly because most people competent to write about journalism are not comfortable writing about finance.
A rise in the level of saving can reduce aggregate activity temporarily but only a sustained high level of saving makes it possible to have the sustained high level of business investment that contributes to the long-run growth of output.
The best discussion of trouble in boardroom and business office is found in newspapers own financial pages and speeches by journalists in management jobs.
According to the Small Business Administration, more than 70 percent of all family businesses do not survive through the second generation, and 8 percent do not make it to a third.
I have always maintained that society has no business dictating morality.
And then theres all these other creeps that surround your band and suck off you like leeches and try to manipulate you and your business. You have to watch like a hawk. Im always ready to fight. I see it very much as a battle.
Business is tough you need tough guys.
In this business, if you dont pay your debts youre finished.
When they take surveys of women in business, of the Fortune 500, the successful women, 80% of them, say they were in sports as a young woman.
I want to tell my jokes. I want to have time with my children. I want to entertain people. And at one point, Ill walk away from show business. But I dont want to walk away empty-handed.
My home has always been show business.
You can be in this business 50 years and still not know anything about it.
Im not really in the excuse business.
The only thing I fear more than change is no change. The business of being static makes me nuts.
Judgment is not my business. Existing is my business.
The reason is that they define how I have gone about my business. I have trusted to intuition. I did it at the beginning. I do it even now. I have no idea how things might turn out, where in my writing I might go next.
I went to India and met some people who had been involved in this guerrilla business, middle-class people who were rather vain and foolish. There was no revolutionary grandeur to it. Nothing.
Hackers are breaking the systems for profit. Before, it was about intellectual curiosity and pursuit of knowledge and thrill, and now hacking is big business.
Its a real roller-coaster ride if youre lucky to have longevity in this business - you have to be able to ride those waves.
Life... is not simply a series of exciting new ventures. The future is not always a whole new ball game. There tends to be unfinished business. One trails all sorts of things around with one, things that simply wont be got rid of.
I think early on I knew what I was going to do and it was based a lot on familiarity but it was also because I didnt have a lot of skills. There was nothing I wanted t be. I didnt want to be a doctor. I wanted to be in show business.
You have got to have discipline and focus - on the customer and how you run the business.
I think that if I had grown up and had been in show business and the movies twenty five, thirty years earlier, I think I would have made a lot more musical movies.
You just cant get too focused on worrying about whats going to happen in the next quarter. You have to worry about where the business is headed long-term.
I think the fact that I was raised in show business, in New York City, in the 50s, thats affected my personality to the point that Im a little different.
A business of high principle generates greater drive and effectiveness because people know that they can do the right thing decisively and with confidence.
Well, I was sort of a jack-of-all-trades in show business for a long time. I was a singer and a dancer and then I got a job as an actor.
Im in exactly the same position as everybody else who has a small business. I mean I get loads of money, all from different sources. You give it to your accountant. They manage it.
Ive made movies that I thought were good. Ive made movies that I thought were okay, but then I was very good. And sometimes youre in a movie and you think, I wish more people saw that - because youre good. And it just works out that the movie gets lost. But thats show business.
There is the expression of selfishness and there is the expression of selflessness - but economists or theoreticians never touched that part. They said: Go and become a philanthropist. I said, No, I can do that in the business world, create a different kind of business - a business based on selflessness.
I still work hard to know my business. Im continuously looking for ways to improve all my companies, and Im always selling. Always.
The more you are in this business, the more humbled by it you become.
Show business has been really, really good to me because I can work and take a lot of time off, and Im extremely undisciplined person.
The Postal Services unmatched ability to reach every household and business in America six days a week is a vital part of the nations infrastructure.
I grew up in the business since I was three years old so Ive always kind of been in front of the camera and grew up in commercials and I knew that I wanted to do it no matter what, I just loved it.
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart.
Ive always been able to keep my private life separate from my business.
The stores and the things like that, the business side of things came out at the point when, Id say probably in the early 70s, it looked like the year of the singer-songwriter was over, cause music changed in our time and the spotlight was out.
I had no idea that he was going to write that, but Ive always believed that insecurity was what would keep you always in your innocence, no matter what the business did.
I realize that the majority of people in the entertainment business happen to be Democrats. I have no problem with that. And they should have no problem with the fact that Im a Republican.
My business is the enforcement of the tax laws and the integrity of the tax code and making sure that trustees of charitable giving are true trustees.
The goal seems to me at times just to be business first.
Ive set the model of showing fighters how they should conduct their business.
I have a fine level of recognition in the business and among the acting community now, so I consider myself one of the lucky ones. If I didnt think that, there would be something wrong with me. Im grateful and thankful for what Ive got.
There are two ways to extend a business. Take inventory of what youre good at and extend out from your skills. Or determine what your customers need and work backward, even if it requires learning new skills. Kindle is an example of working backward.
Its not just Bin Laden or just those that are involved in the counterterrorism effort. Weve gotta cast the net broader than that. But I think its a - very special tribute that we all owe to the bravery and courage of the men and women in the intelligence and military business who performed so well to finally get it done.
You cant be halfway in this business. If you dont meet the fans, you lose all youve got.
Sometimes I think our problems are made worse by the kind of business were in. Playing these road shows is a weird experience.
I never knew any Jews until I got into show business. Ive found them to be real smart and good workers.
A womans two cents worth is worth two cents in the music business.
If anybody ran a business like that they would be out of business quickly, and Barack Obamas leadership is driving this business, the United States of America, toward a fiscal cliff.
All those lessons that Ive learned on the court, I have applied them to my life outside of the court in business, my company, called V Starr interiors, an interior design company, and EleVen, which I wear on court.
The business is a very tricky obstacle course, and you should be very clear about work begetting work. If youre not working, youre not interesting.
Everything is tennis for me, its my career and its entertainment, but its also a business.
Id still like to see Survivor minus the planned show-biz parts. That would be the purest form of show business - I want to see someone so hungry that they eat somebody elses foot.
Movies are an expensive business.
You cannot run a business, or anything else, on a theory.
If you cant pay for a thing, dont buy it. If you cant get paid for it, dont sell it. Do this, and you will have calm and drowsy nights, with all of the good business you have now and none of the bad. If you have time, dont wait for time.
Americas political system has evolved over the last 50 years in ways that have enhanced the power of business lobbies.
In the NFL a lot of times everyone gets caught up in the business side of things. For them its all about money and it really leaves a sour taste in your mouth.
I just make it my business to get along with people so I can have fun. Its that simple.
Im in the acting business. Thats the ego business.
I stayed in show business to pay for my animal business.
I always wanted to be a zookeeper when I was growing up, and Ive wound up a zookeeper! Ive been working with the Los Angeles Zoo for 45 years! Im the luckiest old broad on two feet because my life is divided absolutely in half - half animals and half show business. You cant ask for better than two things you love the most.
I am interested in a lot of things - not just show business and my passion for animals. I try to keep current in whats going on in the world. I do mental exercises. I dont have any trouble memorizing lines because of the crossword puzzles I do every day to keep my mind a little limber. I dont sit and vegetate.
I cannot stand the people who get wonderful starts in show business and who abuse it. Lindsay Lohan and Charlie Sheen, for example, although there are plenty of others, too. They are the most blessed people in the world, and they dont appreciate it.
Married couples who work together to build and maintain a business assume broad responsibilities. Not only is their work important to our local and national economies, but their success is central to the well-being of their families.
Even if the chef has a good business head, his focus should be behind kitchen doors. A business partner should take care of everything in front of the kitchen doors.
The Golden Rule finds no limit of application in business.
What makes the most money for this business? Dead rock stars.
Further, Take heed that you faithfully perform the business you have to do in the world, from a regard to the commands of God and not from an ambitious desire of being esteemed better than others.
If bad things are going to be said about me, I have to bear that. If I dont understand that its part of being in show business, then Id better go work in a bank.
Rock stars get room keys, I get business cards.
The people who are competing business-wise out there want what other successful labels and artists have. I dont want what they have I want my own path, my own sound, my own identity. Record labels care nothing about identity or artistic freedom, they want good business.
The nature of motion capture is only going to work for certain films. Its not going to put any other type of movies out of business.
I think I thought it would be important for electronics as we knew it then, but that was a much simpler business and electronics was mostly radio and television and the first computers.
I do not want to admit to the world that I can be a bad person. It is just that I dont want anyone to have false expectations. Moviemaking is a harsh, volatile business, and unless you can be ruthless, too, theres a good chance that you are going to disappear off the scene pretty quickly.
Let me tell you quite bluntly that this king business has given me personally nothing but headaches.
I think any opportunity you have to be green, whether its in business or in everyday life, you should take it.
Theres not a business or a master plan as far as Im concerned. I take it week by week, and I dont think you ever expect to be able to do the next thing.
Politics are about preserving relationships at the end of the day, and it has nothing to do with the greater good for humanity. Its just all about business.
You can rule ignorance you can manipulate the illiterate you can do whatever you want when a people are uneducated, so that goes in line with corrupt business and corrupt politics.
Im glad about whats happening to the music business. This last crop of people we had in the 90s, who are going away now, they didnt like music. They didnt trust musicians. They wanted something else from it.
I wasnt looking to get into TV. My family was in the movie business, so I was never interested in that world.
Secure our borders first. Let us know and let us make sure the American people know that were taking care of the important business of dealing with the illegal immigration into this country. You cannot begin to address the concerns of the people who are already here unless and until you have made certain that no more are coming in behind them.
They keep the old business. We keep the ongoing business.
I learned what I really love is making films, not the film business. I want to be on the set, meeting with writers, I want that freedom. I love it now.
If an Internet company steals content, they shut it down. And let me tell you, Apple France, Yahoo France or Google France, none of them have gone out of business.
Im probably the only person who goes to work and says Wow, its really nice here and sweet, even in the competitive movie business.
I became a larger than life figure for one reason only. When youre quoted in the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, constantly as the expert in the business people assume youre a lot bigger than you are. And then I had to run like hell to catch up with my own image.
My husband had a very strong identity and was successful in his life. Thank God for that. Theres no way I can control him. I wouldnt stay married to him if I felt I could. I can readily take my business personality into the home. But he forces me to be a partner rather than the boss.
Its a libel to say that I use my newspapers to support my other business interests. The fact is, I havent got any other business interests.
Weve got to lift our game tremendously. Well sell our business news and information in print, well sell it to anyone whos got a cable system, and well sell it on the Web.
One thing I resent is the slur that I just support political candidates because of the business.
Money is not the motivating force. Its nice to have money, but I dont live high. What I enjoy is running the business.
Theres a terrible truth for many women in the picture business: Aging typically takes its toll and means fewer and less desirable roles.
Detainee policy in this war is hard, its complicated, but we must get it right. We would be better off as a nation if we could close Gitmo safely and start a new prison that he could use that the world would see as a better way to doing business.
I started in the restaurant business at the age of 19 as a waitress. I loved the atmosphere and the camaraderie of the restaurant business. I loved not having to go to an office. I loved making people happy.
Whats so touching is the way we fight the war right until the moment our business is taken care of and then we turn on a dime and we immediately start taking care of people. Its like a shock and aw shucks campaign.
Design, in its broadest sense, is the enabler of the digital era - its a process that creates order out of chaos, that renders technology usable to business. Design means being good, not just looking good.
Thats why I do this music business thing, its communication with people without having the extreme inconvenience of actually phoning anybody up.
A couple of months ago, I was down in Florida for the Food and Wine Festival. And this journalist grabbed me and said, How does it feel to be a TV guy? Youre no longer in the restaurant business. And I laughed. I asked him, How long do you think it takes me to do a season? He said, Well, 200 days. And I was like, 200 days? Try 20!
Ill keep on acting til they wipe the drool. I like the business. I like to do different parts and diverse characters. I havent lost my enthusiasm yet!
I started cooking in kitchens right out of high school, and I was lucky to work with a lot of great people, but I had no idea it would turn into this. Of course no one should go into this business because they want to be the next Emeril.
The forgotten man... He works, he votes, generally he prays, but his chief business in life is to pay.
Im afraid for all those wholl have the bread snatched from their mouths by these machines. What business has science and capitalism got, bringing all these new inventions into the works, before society has produced a generation educated up to using them!
I never dreamt of being a musician for my livelihood. I certainly never would have wanted to be in the business that Im in, meaning the fame and the glory, the glitter, the rock star, the famous part.
The Republican platform specifically says we dont believe in bailing out private business, and yet we did.
Giving someone a one-time stimulus check, or a one-time tax cut that expires doesnt allow the predictability that business needs.
How many times have you been out for a beer or dinner and people are coming up with business ideas? Everybody wants to think theyve got that great business idea.
The people of Hong Kong are criticized for only being interested in business, but its the only thing theyve been allowed to do.
The whole point of being in this business and being blessed and being successful is that youre able to do things for your friends or your family, which means that they can have something special in their lives, too.
And I trusted someone to look after me on the business side of life.
The American formula for creating business is not to have the government create business.
Not since the steam engine has any invention disrupted business models like the Internet. Whole industries including music distribution, yellow-pages directories, landline telephones, and fax machines have been radically reordered by the digital revolution.
People are always saying that Hollywood messes up kids. Im like, No, families mess up kids! I grew up in Hollywood, and Im perfectly fine. If my children want to go into the entertainment business, I wont stop them, as long as theyre passionate about it.
The Internet creates as well as destroys. Social networks, search advertising, and cloud computing are multibillion dollar industries that didnt exist 10 years ago. They are products of the same force that has rendered the Postal Services core business obsolete.
If you create something that is asking for people to respond as theyre going to respond, you have to allow them to respond as theyre going to respond. Some of the people are going to be uninterested and some people are going to be mad for some reason, which is their business. Thats just the way the world is.
Energy and environmental regulation, transportation, and broadband policy all benefit when legislators have a basic grounding in the technical concepts behind business models, products, and innovation.
If you say, Im going to cut this song because I know the teenagers are going to love it, well, then youre going to alienate everybody else. When I cut my record, Im just going to cut the things that I like, and whoever likes it, likes it. Thats too much work to try to figure out the demographic. Thats too much like a business.
Barack Obamas life was so much simpler in 2009. Back then, he had refined the cold act of blaming others for the bad economy into an art form. Deficits? Blame Bushs tax cuts. Spending? Blame the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. No business investment? Blame Wall Street.
In the music business, especially the country music business, every 10 years or so youre going to have this changing of the guard, this wave of new artists that comes in.
Ive got a wife, four kids, a business, and a baseball career.
A firm, for instance, that does business in many countries of the world is driven to spend an enormous amount of time, labour, and money in providing for translation services.
Ive always wanted to be the best in the world as a baseball player, so when I started to think about opening a business, it was with that mindset.
Love, with very young people, is a heartless business. We drink at that age from thirst, or to get drunk it is only later in life that we occupy ourselves with the individuality of our wine.
Im lucky. The best possible place in the world for training is Addis Ababa, so I am home all the time except when I am racing. I like to be there, near my family, my kids, also the real estate business I run with my wife.
If you want to stay in the business then youve got to be a bit shrewd, havent you?
I find the business world hard.
As an actor you have to wait for someone to cast you, so youre relying on the business.
I cant understand why the Democratic parties seem so hostile to economic growth and business.
Kids are brought into show business because they are cute and see truth and theyre very bright. But theres a sense of doing it because you want the adults to be approving of you. You want to make them happy.
Show business is my life. When I was a kid I sold insurance, but nobody laughed.
Go for a business that any idiot can run - because sooner or later, any idiot probably is going to run it.
If you want to have a good life, you should focus on your family, on your business, on your dog, on your fun, and youll have a good life.
All business proceeds on beliefs, or judgements of probabilities, and not on certainties.
I didnt have any success in show business until I was 30 to 31 years of age.
These women whose antics we smirk at good-naturedly in the pap-traps put themselves out there at least partly on their beauty they are in showbiz, and showing what theyve got is part of their business as much as it is for male show-ponies from the Chippendales to George Clooney.
Politics is the reflex of the business and industrial world.
Performing doesnt turn me on. Its an egomaniac business, filled with prima donnas - including this one.
We are involved in a life that passes understanding and our highest business is our daily life.
Ive never seen a worse situation than that of young writers in the United States. The publishing business in North America is so commercialized.
I have several writer friends, but I dont involve them in my work process. Im more likely to talk about the business of publishing with them.
It never made sense to me that someone would achieve any kind of success in show business, only to become a jerk.
I may be kindly, I am ordinarily gentle, but in my line of business I am obliged to will terribly what I will at all.
Major labels didnt start showing up really until they smelled money, and thats all theyre ever going to be attracted to is money-thats the business theyre in- making money.
There has to be a measure of faith. Thats what this business is all about: trusting in something that may never show up, that you have no concrete proof of.
For a Jewish Puritan of the middle class, the novel is serious, the novel is work, the novel is conscientious application why, the novel is practically the retail business all over again.
Why do only boys get to chase? Nuh-uh! If anything, I think this whole sitting back and waiting thing can be self-sabotaging. We have to send up flares. We have to let guys know were open for business.
To be honest I live among the English and have always found them to be very honest in their business dealings. They are noble, hard-working and anxious to do the right thing. But joy eludes them, they lack the joy that the Irish have.
In terms of having a business, I wanted to let it go beyond what my personal taste is. Basically, Im in a kilt and a white shirt every day. So, you know, I dont have a lot of scope, and Im really picky about what I wear.
The owners dont win by having a lockout. Shutting down your business is not good for anybody and its certainly not good for the players, its certainly not good for the fans. And thats most important to us.
What if I couldnt handle peoples opinions of me? I know that shouldnt dictate a persons degree of peace or happiness in life, but the problem is, I chose a business saturated in judgment.
I got to work with one of my heroes, Johnny Depp, and to see how he goes about business, which was really inspiring for me at this stage in my career.
Just because youve made a couple movies, youve done some good movies, youve been nominated for some Academy Awards, whatever, nobodys entitled. Its a business. If they dont see it, I can think theyre wrong, but Im not entitled to a $15 million budget to make a film.
I think that New York is not the cultural centre of America, but the business and administrative centre of American culture.
Emotions have no place in business, unless you do business with them.
How many deaf people do you know in real life? Unless they live in a cave, or are 14, which seems to be true for most people in this business, what could I possibly tell them that they dont already know?
Profit is the most global aspect of a business, and it is cross-functional.
I think naturally, if youre an actor, theres a high level of assertiveness that you need to have to survive this business. Theres boldness in being assertive, and theres strength and confidence.
The TV business is like the produce section of the market. Today everything is fresh and glistening and firm. And tomorrow, when they find a bruise on you, they toss you out.
Ive managed to keep a clear head and remain sane in this business because I remain a kid off-camera.
Some people work hard in this business and become really popular, really big stars but they never receive an award from within the business. Somehow, when your colleagues and friends believe in you to the point of handing you an award it means so much more.
But the reason I became, why I wanted to be in the business was because there was Midnight Cowboy.
Reading is not a duty, and has consequently no business to be made disagreeable.
The career stuff is for business people.
Were in this entertainment business really to give the audience what they want.
I think there are a lot of technocrats in the business who would much rather work with just wheels and gears and machinery. Those things interest them more than humanity and I wish them the best of luck.
I dont even know what words to use to talk about the music industry anymore. But the business has changed a lot - the methods of releasing music.
Independent film is almost nonexistent right now, because all the distributers that used to love to put out these little art films are all out of business right now, because it costs so much to open a movie.
Im quitting the business today. Im going to open up an appliance store, Ive always really been into toasters. Im giving it all up.
I know from my own experience and from other people in the business that when you come from a place where nobody knew who you were and then there is this sudden shift to where everybody now knows who you are, theres an adjustment that you have to make.
I used to be focused on being the dopest rapper in the game, and then once that became what I was, I wanted something different, and I wanted to become the best businessman in the game. I wanted to learn how to master the business like I mastered the rap.
A revised schedule is to business what a new season is to an athlete or a new canvas to an artist.
The most important decision Ive made in business? The choices of people I have around me. When I first started I brought everybody with me, my homies from the neighborhood, criminals. I just said, Come on everybody, we made it. Then I had to realize we didnt make it. I made it.
Most small business owners are not particularly sophisticated business people. Thats not a criticism theyre passionate about cutting hair or cooking food, and thats why they got in the business, not because they have an MBA.
Luckily, my husband is my business partner as well as my life partner, so I never had to do the heavy lifting alone, literally or figuratively.
You have to stick out the toughness of the business and form relationships with the people in it.
Come to West Virginia and well show you how to live... how to treat people. Were open for business. West Virginia is truly on the move.
Its far too much to say that effective hoping is the only - or even the biggest - part of what it takes to succeed. If 14% of business productivity can be attributed to hope, that means 86% is dependent on raw talent, fickle business cycles, the quality of the product youre selling, and often pure, dumb luck.
It is not the business of generals to shoot one another.
Golf isnt just my business, its my hobby.
I do love television. But the business is accelerating and people are not getting the chance to fail.
Its show business. No show, no business.
If we want to secure the best jobs in the future, we must make America the best place in the world to do business.
We need comprehensive reform that will make America the best place in the world to invest and do business.
When you start a business, go for the lowest hanging fruit.
Well theres nobody who has a more supportive husband than I do, and he has a business that he runs, and its his own business, so he has work to do, my kids have school to do, I mean, people have - there are other things in life besides politics.
Im happy to report that The New Press is still in business to this day. But not thanks to me. I was a really bad publishing intern.
The thing that helped me get into the film business was that I went to school in Athens, Georgia and managed to get on, um, working on music videos for a band called R.E.M. and that kind of opened up a lot of doors for me.
Ive drunk Amazons free Diet Coke. Nothing makes more sense to me than a company trying to make bookselling into a profitable business. Im not anti-Amazon, and Im not pro-publishers either. Im pro-books.
Some people want fame, popularity and huge sales. Ive always hoped to have a really long career. So Ive tried to make each of my creative decisions and business decisions to allow for longevity. As a side effect I got really famous and really big. I didnt realize the two could go together.
Seems to me that this business, for actors anyway, is not so much about whether or not you do good work. Its about whether or not you get the chance to do good work.
In my business, if I get too close to you and you die, it hurts me. And so you develop a natural inclination not to be close to the patient, so that if things dont work out ideally, you can still get up the next day and care for the next patient.
Id like to do a lot of things - whether in design or architecture or business.
My fastest time in high school was a 4:29 mile. I think cross-country has something to do with my longevity in my business. When youre in an eight-mile race, you never give up.
If I could create one job in the private sector by helping to grow a business, that would be one more than Congress has created in the last six months.
Our marriage is between us. If we decide to continue being together or not, its our business.
The movie business is very difficult but the music business is just impossible. So Ill play in bands and record and play songs with other people, but for me its a form of expression that all I need is me. I dont need cameras or agents, I can just have a piano and sing and feel totally verified.
I dont really think that there is anyone in the modern pop business who I feel I want to spar with.
I was always a singer. But I was always focused on being an actor as my trade. Music I do just for me. The movie business is very difficult but the music business is just impossible.
In recent years, Ive been writing because Im fortunate enough to work in the world of food television, to travel and taste and learn about cooking from the best chefs in the business.
I was criticized at some level within the Republican Party by those who say government should not be in the economic development business at all. My response is that the only country I know that doesnt have an economic development plan is Papa New Guinea.
The rest of the world cares about how we conduct our affairs because they then take that lead. Were the only leader in the world today. Some are wishing us well, others think that were down and are not going to get back up again, but they are all watching with great interest to see how we conduct our business over the next couple of years.
Although my family - parents and sister - all work in the personnel management business, their real passion is performing, amateur operatic societies and so on.
I would absolutely, definitely never sell my wedding pictures to a magazine. Id like it to be a special day, not a photo shoot. And once youve done that, your marriage becomes everybody elses business.
Every night, half an hour before curtain up, the bells of St. Malachys, the Actors Chapel on New Yorks 49th Street, peal the tune of Theres No Business Like Show Business. If you walk the streets of the theatre district before a show and see the vast, enthusiastic lines it sounds like a calling: there is certainly no place like Broadway.
Writing fiction is for me a fraught business, an occasion of daily dread for at least the first half of the novel, and sometimes all the way through. The work process is totally different from writing nonfiction. You have to sit down every day and make it up.
I was a fairly good amateur musician, and I was an average professional. But the one thing I saw was that the big band business was fading.
I mean, Im in the business of storytelling, not message making.
Well, you cant trust most people in this game, period it can be a very shady business.
A transfer of money should never be involved in this profound situation. Although illness is profound, too, but medicines a business today. Its a business.
Today it is not big business that we have to fear. It is big government.
After adding trillions to the debt on big-government policies most Americans didnt ask for and which we couldnt afford, Democratic leaders say they need more money, which they intend to take from small business, even though small businesses create the majority of new jobs.
I learned from Mr. Wrigley, early in my career, that loyalty wins and it creates friendships. I saw it work for him in his business.
Business is constantly changing, constantly evolving.
I dont do something necessarily to make a big profit or because its a logical business decision.
We expect all our businesses to have a positive impact on our top and bottom lines. Profitability is very important to us or we wouldnt be in this business.
The only thing harder than leaving show business is coming back.
If you dont understand the details of your business you are going to fail.
Anybody who really knows about the TV business knows that it would be impossible to just march in one day and say to your colleagues and bosses, Oh yes, Im hosting my own show.
We have to make America the best place in the world to do business.
My professional life has been a constant record of disillusion, and many things that seem wonderful to most men are the every-day commonplaces of my business.
I used to work for a management consulting company, so I dressed differently - business casual, probably a lot of things from Banana Republic. My wardrobe now is definitely more expensive, but I always dress for the occasion.
It is very sad for a man to make himself servant to a single thing his manhood all taken out of him by the hydraulic pressure of excessive business.
But now I realize that this record business really needs me. No one else is trying to take a chance or do something different.
In terms of the technology I use the most, its probably a tie between my Blackberry and my MacBook Pro laptop. Thats how I communicate with the rest of the world and how I handle all the business I have to handle.
Ive never chased fame. I came into this business to be a theatre actress. I was nine when I first appeared on stage. But I cant say I would turn my back on fortune. Im someone who enjoys the benefits of money.
At the end of the day, theres only a few major stars in the music business, and then theres all these people that are aspiring to be that.
Id get kicked out of buildings all day long, people would rip up my business card in my face. Its a humbling business to be in. But I knew I could sell and I knew I wanted to sell something I had created. I cut the feet out of those pantyhose and I knew I was on to something. This was it.
People in the business will stay with you through drugs and alcohol and divorces and insanity and everything else, but you have a failure, pal, and they dont want to know nothing about you!
My revenue was $4 million my first year in business, off of one $20 item.
My business doesnt keep me warm at night.
Ive always leaned toward a feminine, funky style, even in business settings. I used to paint my nails blue in 1993, before it was mainstream.
I have always been a business person.
You can never get to a place of comfort in this business. As soon as you hit that little cushy spot, somebodys gonna kick you out. So I have a constant need to do it better.
I went onto reality TV as a business decision.
The Internet has changed the way we communicate with each other, the way we learn about the world and the way we conduct business.
In the end, the humanities can only be defended by stressing how indispensable they are and this means insisting on their vital role in the whole business of academic learning, rather than protesting that, like some poor relation, they dont cost much to be housed.
As Members of Congress we can now engage with our constituents via online innovations like the Huffington Post, while a small business in rural Oregon can use the Internet to find customers around the world.
I really dont think there is anybody in the business with better eyes than Elijah Wood.
Like any business, the oil industry runs on the basic premise of supply and demand. The more supply - the lower the price. The higher the demand - the higher price. In other words, the more people who can buy oil, the higher the price of oil.
Accept business only at a price permitting thoroughness. Then do a thorough job, regardless of cost to us.
I am especially grateful that I have been able to keep my own style over the decades, in spite of the many changes that have taken place in the world of fashion and in its business.
If youre an entrepreneur and you think that the president makes a difference to your business, you should stay at your current job.
It is an immutable law in business that words are words, explanations are explanations, promises are promises-but only performance is reality.
Its better to take over and build upon an existing business than to start a new one.
You cant run a business or anything else on a theory.
I could play it safe by recording songs that are familiar, but am I expanding myself as an artist by doing covers? Its a catch-22. Its called show business: The word business is in it, and youve got to be a businessman. But then again, you have to be true to yourself as an artist.
The worst disease which can afflict business executives in their work is not, as popularly supposed, alcoholism its egotism.
Its a lot of work to keep reinventing yourself and coming up with new stuff, but thats what it takes to be in show business.
To me, the print business model is so simple, where readers pay a dollar for all the content within, and that supports the enterprise.
A belief in God is vitally important, not just in show business, but stability in life. You know, to recognize deity is the most important thing that you can do. I mean, it comes to the Ten Commandments. They werent ten suggestions. They were Ten Commandments.
McSweeneys as a publishing company is built on a business model that only works when we sell physical books. So we try to put a lot of effort into the design and production of the book-as-object.
Our competition for American business is no longer in the next county or the next state, its around the world.
Of course this is Vegas and it is the melting pot for all over the world, but people from all over the world know Donny and Marie. It is amazing. I have been in the business a long time to realize careers can be fleeting. Five years is a long career nowadays for some people, and here we are still going strong after 40 years.
If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving $25 cars that got 1,000 MPG.
There was a time in my life when I thought I had everything - millions of dollars, mansions, cars, nice clothes, beautiful women, and every other materialistic thing you can imagine. Now I struggle for peace.
Car designers are just going to have to come up with an automobile that outlasts the payments.
I hooked up my accelerator pedal in my car to my brake lights. I hit the gas, people behind me stop, and Im gone.
I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights, so it looks like Im the only one moving.
I had to stop driving my car for a while... the tires got dizzy.
I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.
Auto racing is boring except when a car is going at least 172 miles per hour upside down.
When you are fitted in a racing car and you race to win, second or third place is not enough.
In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldnt have to ride around with jerks.
The greatest pleasure when I started making money was not buying cars or yachts but finding myself able to have as many freshly typed drafts as possible.
The cars we drive say a lot about us.
Its a never ending battle of making your cars better and also trying to be better yourself.
We approach people the same way we approach our cars. We take the poor kid to a doctor and ask, Whats wrong with him, how much will it cost, and when can I pick him up?
Its like driving a car at night. You never see further than your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.
If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.
I had more clothes than I had closets, more cars than garage space, but no money.
Drive-in banks were established so most of the cars today could see their real owners.
I would have probably stolen cars - it would have given me the same adrenaline rush as racing.
I never rode in an automobile until I was 12.
My boyfriend keeps telling me Ive got to own things. So, first I bought this car. And then he told me I oughta get a house. Why a house? Well, you gotta have a place to park the car.
Americans are the only people in the world known to me whose status anxiety prompts them to advertise their college and university affiliations in the rear window of their automobiles.
When it comes to cars, only two varieties of people are possible - cowards and fools.
In Japan, they have TV sets in cars right now, where you can punch up traffic routes, weather, everything! You can get Internet access already in cars in Japan, so within the next 2 to 3 years its gonna be so crazy!
Perhaps people, and kids especially, are spoiled today, because all the kids today have cars, it seems. When I was young you were lucky to have a bike.
But my passion is racing cars. Its what I like to do in my off time.
My mom said the only reason men are alive is for lawn care and vehicle maintenance.
But to personally satisfy my own adrenalin needs, Ive been racing cars a little bit, which has been fun.
I have a need to make these sorts of connections literal sometimes, and a vehicle often helps to do that. I have a relationship to car culture. It isnt really about loving cars. Its sort of about needing them.
Theres three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars.
The automobile engine will come, and then I will consider my lifes work complete.
I think we have to act like stars because it is expected of us. So we drive our big cars and live in our smart houses.
We need to become good citizens in the global village, instead of competing. What are we competing for - to drive more cars, eat more steaks? That will destroy the world.
I love fast cars... and to go too fast in them.
Were just into toys, whether its motorcycles or race cars or computers. Ive got the Palm Pilot right here with me, Ive got the worlds smallest phone. Maybe its just because Im still a big little kid and I just love toys, you know?
I would never kill a living thing, although I probably have inadvertently while driving automobiles.
See, what youre meant to do when you have a mid-life crisis is buy a fast car, arent you? Well, Ive always had fast cars. Its not that. Its the fear that youre past your best. Its the fear that the stuff youve done in the past is your best work.
Back in the mid-1970s, we adopted some fairly ambitious goals to improve efficiency of our cars. What did we get? We got a tremendous boost in efficiency.
You have to wait six months to purchase a fuel efficient automobile made from overseas.
I had never been able to get a car that said how much I cared about the environment until I drove electric.
Fast cars are my only vice.
Family trips to Yellowstone and to what are now national parks in Southern Utah, driving the primitive roads and cars of that day, were real adventures.
Ive got two old Volvos, two old Subarus, and an old Ford Ranger. If youve got an old car, youve gotta have at least several old cars, cause ones always gonna be in the garage.
Societies need rules that make no sense for individuals. For example, it makes no difference whether a single car drives on the left or on the right. But it makes all the difference when there are many cars!
I liken myself to Henry Ford and the auto industry, I give you 90 percent of what most people need.
Ive always had an inquisitive mind about everything from flowers to television sets to motor cars. Always pulled them apart - couldnt put em back, but always extremely interested in how things work.
We often attribute understanding and other cognitive predicates by metaphor and analogy to cars, adding machines, and other artifacts, but nothing is proved by such attributions.
You talk about German technocracy and you get automobiles.
Well, I always had a chauffer, because I have never driven a car in my life. I still cant drive.
No illusion is more crucial than the illusion that great success and huge money buy you immunity from the common ills of mankind, such as cars that wont start.
Ikea people do not drive flashy cars or stay at luxury hotels.
The automobile, both a cause and an effect of this decentralization, is ideally suited for our vast landscape and our generally confused and contrary commuting patterns.
I admit to wasting my life messing around with fast cars and motorcycles.
More books, more racing and more foolishness with cars and motorcycles are in the works.
A car for every purse and purpose.
Not having to own a car has made me realize what a waste of time the automobile is.
Environmentalists have a very conflicted relationship with their cars.
Remote villages and communities have lost their identity, and their peace and charm have been sacrificed to that worst of abominations, the automobile.
Life is a gamble. You can get hurt, but people die in plane crashes, lose their arms and legs in car accidents people die every day. Same with fighters: some die, some get hurt, some go on. You just dont let yourself believe it will happen to you.
America... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable.
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
Campaign behavior for wives: Always be on time. Do as little talking as humanly possible. Lean back in the parade car so everybody can see the president.
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, youre always going to find a hip-hop tape thats all I buy, thats all I live, thats all I listen to, thats all I love.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
Never have more children than you have car windows.
What Englishman will give his mind to politics as long as he can afford to keep a motor car?
Most people have no concept of how an automatic transmission works, yet they know how to drive a car. You dont have to study physics to understand the laws of motion to drive a car. You dont have to understand any of this stuff to use Macintosh.
I know a lot about cars, man. I can look at any cars headlights and tell you exactly which way its coming.
I miss Saturday morning, rolling out of bed, not shaving, getting into my car with my girls, driving to the supermarket, squeezing the fruit, getting my car washed, taking walks.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
Marriage has no guarantees. If thats what youre looking for, go live with a car battery.
When a man opens a car door for his wife, its either a new car or a new wife.
My kids always perceived the bathroom as a place where you wait it out until all the groceries are unloaded from the car.
I have an answering machine in my car. It says, Im home now. But leave a message and Ill call when Im out.
Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance.
Onion rings in the car cushions do not improve with time.
It goes without saying that you should never have more children than you have car windows.
I had a friend who was a clown. When he died, all his friends went to the funeral in one car.
I rememeber one time we were getting ready to go to South America and everything was packed up and in the car ready to go and I hid and I was crying because I really did not want to go, I wanted to play. I did not want to go.
My wife wants sex in the back of the car and she wants me to drive.
I play the harmonica. The only way I can play is if I get my car going really fast, and stick it out the window.
I have bad reflexes. I was once run over by a car being pushed by two guys.
(On seeing a former lover for the first time in years) I thought I told you to wait in the car.
Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car.
A car is useless in New York, essential everywhere else. The same with good manners.
Were in a giant car heading towards a brick wall and everyones arguing over where theyre going to sit.
Dogs feel very strongly that they should always go with you in the car, in case the need should arise for them to bark violently at nothing right in your ear.
When you first get money, you buy all these things so no one thinks youre mean, and you spread it around. You get a chauffeur and you find yourself thrown around the back of this car and you think, I was happier when I had my own little car! I could drive myself!
Design can never be an ultimate explanation for anything. It can only be a proximate explanation. A plane or a car is explained by a designer but thats because the designer himself, the engineer, is explained by natural selection.
To attract men, I wear a perfume called New Car Interior.
I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. Its not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. Its the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is Delete.
American stuntmen are smart - they think about safety. When they do a jump in a car, they calculate everything: the speed, the distance... But in Hong Kong, we dont know how to count. Everything we do is a guess. If youve got the guts, you do it. All of my stuntmen have gotten hurt.
It seems to me I spent my life in car pools, but you know, thats how I kept track of what was going on.
Going to church doesnt make you any more a Christian than going to the garage makes you a car.
Canadians can easily pass for American as long as we dont accidentally use metric measurements or apologize when hit by a car.
And suddenly I realised that I was no longer driving the car consciously. I was driving it by a kind of instinct, only I was in a different dimension.
I was already on pole, then by half a second and then one second and I just kept going. Suddenly I was nearly two seconds faster than anybody else, including my team mate with the same car.
I know people think we drive around in these nice cars and we do whatever we want and our parents will pay our credit cards, but thats not the case. Sure, my parents were generous I got a nice car at 16, but at 18 I was cut off. Ive worked really hard. I opened the store myself.
White is actually one of my favorite colors. I have a white car. I love white.
My brother was a lifeguard in a car wash.
I think a lot of writers, male and female, write as if their parents were killed in a car accident when they were 2, and they have no one to hold accountable. And unfortunately, I dont have that. I have parents who I care about what they think.
Im gonna be making records anyway, even if I had to sell em out of the trunk of my car. Im that kind of musician and singer.
Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? Its great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out, but Im not complaining,... Those who find growing old terrible are people who havent done what they wanted with their lives.
Many highly intelligent people are poor thinkers. Many people of average intelligence are skilled thinkers. The power of a car is separate from the way the car is driven.
If you think Abraham Lincoln became famous for inventing the town car, it is time to spend a few hours on history.
If you think nobody cares if youre alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
I want a pit crew... I hate the procedure I currently have to go through when I have car problems.
A dream without ambition is like a car without gas... youre not going anywhere.
If God drives a car, Hed drive a 1973 Ford LTD Brougham sedan with a claret-colored vinyl roof, with oxblood leather upholstery and an opera window.
Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
I know a man who doesnt pay to have his trash taken out. How does he get rid of his trash? He gift wraps it, and puts in into an unlocked car.
I dont want to argue with my wife about her car - or my driving.
People and squirrels are very different. Most people will not argue that. But I find that there is one situation in which theyre very similar. And that is: when I am driving towards them in my car. Then theyre kind of hard to tell apart - especially if the human is kind of hairy.
Shutting off the thought process is not rejuvenating the mind is like a car battery - it recharges by running.
The first real thought that I had of something that I might do was to write for car magazines, because I always had a car thing.
The hydrogen powered car, with its high fuel mileage and zero emission rate, is just one example of the products under development that will help increase our energy independence.
A lot of fun stuff happens when you go out on a bike compared to when youre in a car. Youre more in the environment. Its enjoyable. Even when Its raining Its still fun.
You dont have to carry a designer bag that costs more than a car to look cool.
Drug misuse is not a disease, it is a decision, like the decision to step out in front of a moving car. You would call that not a disease but an error of judgment.
It all happened so fast. The ghetto. The deportation. The sealed cattle car. The fiery altar upon which the history of our people and the future of mankind were meant to be sacrificed.
I race to win. If I am on the bike or in a car it will always be the same.
As soon as I get my car I think Ill be going to the cinema more. Since I dont go very often, there are no films that are a must see at the moment. I usually wait till they come out on DVD.
Its shocking to say, but the cinema is quite a while away from me, and I havent got a car yet.
Youre safer in the race car than you are in cars going to and from the track.
Im sort of like a lame, single guy in a red sports car.
Whenever I have bid a hasty goodbye to a loved one, Ive always made sure that my record collection was safely stored away in the boot of the car.
They think they can make fuel from horse manure - now, I dont know if your car will be able to get 30 miles to the gallon, but its sure gonna put a stop to siphoning.
I couldnt find the sports car of my dreams, so I built it myself.
To this day, I am the least materialistic person I know, because my father didnt raise me to just go out and buy this or that car. The only reason I wanted to make money as an actor was because Im passionate about food!
Ive spent more on my Dodger tickets that I did on my car.
My first car, I got it in an auction at my temple. It was an 86 Volvo that I got for 500 bucks, and then wound up throwing $10,000 into the stereo system and put TVs in the foot rests. It was the most ridiculous Volvo youd ever seen, but I had never had money before and I was out of my mind.
I remember driving to North Carolina when I was a little girl in a snowstorm to get down to my moms family in the Carolinas. There were chains on the car - it was the late sixties - and we were just singing in the car. Christmas carols.
My parents were what I like to call proper musical fans. Lots of Sondheim was played in the car.
I grew up listening to show tunes in the back of the car.
People who have car collections - I never understood that. I always thought that was unnecessary. Its not beautiful, its not creative. Its just showing how much money youve got.
My mother was determined to make us independent. When I was four years old, she stopped the car a few miles from our house and made me find my own way home across the fields. I got hopelessly lost.
The car has become the carapace, the protective and aggressive shell, of urban and suburban man.
Mass transportation is doomed to failure in North America because a persons car is the only place where he can be alone and think.
I like the guitar better these days. I like the bass, too, but its hard to fit a bass amp in a small car.
I want to let my friend Buster know that I would like to have dinner with him tonight. Does Buster work at home? Then how likely is he to have his cell phone on? Is he one of those people who only turns on his cell when hes in his car? I hate that.
Having played many roles of scientific intellect I do have an empathy for that world. Its been hard on me because flying the Enterprise for seven years in Star Trek and sitting in Cerebro in X-men has led people to believe that I know what Im talking about. But Im still trying to work out how to operate the air conditioning unit on my car.
I never listen to the radio unless I rent a car.
You can know or not know how a car runs and still enjoy riding in a car.
I dont listen to the radio very much, but that could be because I dont have a car.
Theres a certain amount of freedom involved in cycling: youre self-propelled and decide exactly where to go. If you see something that catches your eye to the left, you can veer off there, which isnt so easy in a car, and you cant cover as much ground walking.
I went to Zimbabwe. I know how white people feel in America now relaxed! Cause when I heard the police car I knew they werent coming after me!
I remember at the age of five travelling on a trolley car with my mother past a group of women on a picket line at a textile plant, seeing them being viciously beaten by security people. So that kind of thing stayed with me.
By far my most perilous assignment was covering a tank car explosion.
I dont run a car, have never run a car. I could say that this is because I have this extremely tender environmentalist conscience, but the fact is I hate driving.
The most important loan to pay is your student loan. Its more important than your mortgage, car and credit card payments. You cannot discharge student loan debt in the majority of cases.
You can find out anything you want about a car now, and especially every bit of information about the price, without relying on the dealers.
Buying a car used to be an experience so soul-scorching, so confidence-splattering, so existentially rattling that an entire car company was based on the promise that you wouldnt have to come in contact with it.
I dont want to die in a car accident. When I die itll be a glorious day. Itll probably be a waterfall.
Im very free-spirited and crazy. I love to have fun, and I like doing stupid things. At the same time, Im like a 35-year-old. I have a house. I have a car. I have a steady job. I have a business, and I have to make serious decisions.
So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me Can you give me a lift? I said Sure, you look great, the worlds your oyster, go for it.
John D. Rockefeller wanted to dominate oil, but Microsoft wants it all, you name it: cable, media, banking, car dealerships.
I like the desert for short periods of time, from inside a car, with the windows rolled up, and the doors locked. I prefer beach resorts with room service.
I recorded a song called, I Fall to Pieces, and I was in a car wreck. Now Im worried because I have a brand-new record, and its called Crazy!
My grandmas the most careful, safe driver in the world. You put her in a rental car, and shes doing doughnuts in the K-Mart parking lot!
I accept the Old Testament as more of an action movie: blood, car chases, evacuations, a lot of special effects, seas dividing, mass murder, adultery. The children of God are running amok, wayward. Maybe thats why theyre so relatable.
I have a car but its not important.
Be able to back up a car for a considerable distance in a straight line and back out of a driveway.
Know how to travel from your town to a nearby town without a car, either by bus or by rail.
Ive crashed my car three times.
I drive an electric car.
If you are a writer you locate yourself behind a wall of silence and no matter what you are doing, driving a car or walking or doing housework you can still be writing, because you have that space.
Theres nothing wrong with the car except that its on fire.
Many kids come out of college, they have a credit card and a diploma. They dont know how to buy a house or a car or health insurance or life insurance. They do not know basic microeconomics.
Forget the damned motor car and build the cities for lovers and friends.
I dont know how to drive a car.
I want a Mini-Cooper because its fuel efficient, emissions efficient and all that stuff. Its small and better for the environment. I think that will be my next car.
Ive never been to a race car race before.
I was hit by a car once on my bike, but I still rode home.
Fact: The new 90210 is cooler than the old 90210. Its the lithe, streamlined Skipper to the elder series venerable Barbie. Gone are the traditional parents - theyve been replaced by a hipster mom n pop who get busted necking in the car.
The world is full of abundance and opportunity, but far too many people come to the fountain of life with a sieve instead of a tank car... a teaspoon instead of a steam shovel. They expect little and as a result they get little.
The days when a car aficionado could repair his or her own car are long past, due primarily to the high software content.
Ten to 20 years out, driving your car will be viewed as equivalently immoral as smoking cigarettes around other people is today.
I look away at car crashes, and I know people who look away at car crashes, because it makes us uncomfortable to watch other people in pain.
I really think we should pass a law in every state, I dont care whether it takes the independence away from an old person or not. You shouldnt be driving a car if youre over the age of 80. Maybe even less than that.
And that just shows you how important the car is in Formula One Racing.
I love sleeping in a moving car more than sleeping in bed.
The body is like a car: the older you become the more care you have to take care of it - and you dont leave a Ferrari out in the sun.
I wanted to be a mechanic. When I was 14 I wanted to quit school and go work on my car. But my dad said Son, you shouldnt do that. You should stay in school until your education is finished, and when youre done, dont make your hobby your job.
The newly decorated theatres produced things like car parks and restaurants, so you could have a good night out, quite cheaply without all that bother of having to go somewhere else.
My daughter Lila loves the smell of gasoline - she always says, Mummy, keep the door open, when Im filling up the car. Ive heard it is one of the most preferred scents in the world - maybe thats something to study for my next fragrance!
Consider what kind of car you get. Buy cars and other products that have the least impact environmentally.
Once you become successful, people know where you live, the type of house you live in, the kind of car you drive, the clothes you wear, and so it would be patronising to go and talk like a welder. Weldings a mystery to me now. You cant go back, your life changes every day.
There is a limit to the application of democratic methods. You can inquire of all the passengers as to what type of car they like to ride in, but it is impossible to question them as to whether to apply the brakes when the train is at full speed and accident threatens.
Food is not just what we put in our mouths to fill up it is culture and identity. Reason plays some role in our decisions about food, but its rarely driving the car.
Removing the faults in a stage-coach may produce a perfect stage-coach, but it is unlikely to produce the first motor car.
Buyers decide in the first eight seconds of seeing a home if theyre interested in buying it. Get out of your car, walk in their shoes and see what they see within the first eight seconds.
Im still that little girl who lisped and sat in the back of the car and threw vegetables at the back of her head when we drove home from the market. That never goes.
I want to be remembered for the work that Ive done, rather than the car accidents that Ive gotten into, the men that Ive not dated - or the man that I have.
My first car was a motorcycle.
So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me Can you give me a lift? I said Sure, you look great, the worlds your oyster, go for it.
Is fuel efficiency really what we need most desperately? I say that what we really need is a car that can be shot when it breaks down.
Design is important, its an important dimension in the car. Its not the only one.
We have some worse scenarios for which we need to prepare as companies. For the moment, were planning for the worst, and the worst is now, and the car market is down more than 15 percent in France. There is so much uncertainty.
Ive got CDs in my car, listening all the time for that next song, because everybodys looking.
You sell a screenplay like you sell a car. If someone drives it off a cliff, thats it.
If a movie is really working, you forget for two hours your Social Security number and where your car is parked. You are having a vicarious experience. You are identifying, in one way or another, with the people on the screen.
I didnt come from a trailer park. I grew up middle class and my dad had money and my mom made my lunch. I got a car when I was sixteen. Im proud of that.
Normal is getting dressed in clothes that you buy for work, driving through traffic in a car that you are still paying for, in order to get to a job that you need so you can pay for the clothes, car and the house that you leave empty all day in order to afford to live in it.
The irony is that it was tougher to rent a car from Cerberus when it owned Alamo than to buy a semi-automatic. To rent a car, one had to provide ID, a drivers license, and get insurance coverage. To buy a gun? Cash and carry, from the back of a station wagon at a gun show. No concerns about downstream liability or risk.
At least 50 times. Ive jumped off a building, jumped off a cliff in a car. Ive been in bedrooms when women came in with knives and guns.
Can you design a Rorschach test thats going to make everyone feel something every time - and that looks like a Rorschach test? Its easy to show a picture of a kitten or a car accident. The question is, how abstract can you get and still get the audience to feel something when they dont know whats happening to them?
The American Dream has run out of gas. The car has stopped. It no longer supplies the world with its images, its dreams, its fantasies. No more. Its over. It supplies the world with its nightmares now: the Kennedy assassination, Watergate, Vietnam.
You know what I really love? The CD players in a car. How when you put the CD right up by the slot, it actually takes it out of your hand, like its hungry. It pulls it in, and you feel like it wants more silver discs.
My mother gave me this book called Feature Films at Used Car Prices by a guy named Rick Schmidt. I gotta credit the guy, cuz he gave me the most practical advice. It empowers you.
At a car dealership, the person who sells the car is the hero, and also gets the commission. But if the mechanics dont service that car well, the customer wont return.
When life was worrying about a car payment or a rent payment and a bill, youre so consumed with that, you really dont have time to know yourself. Thats surviving and getting by.
The city needs a car like a fish needs a bicycle.
If you dont have the story and the unfolding of the trajectory of the saga, its like getting in a car and not having any gas.
Anything thats different from your own realm of experience as a human being, whether its driving a car or a boat, or using guns, anything that separates you from yourself and leads you more towards this characters existence is a big help.
I think you have to feel comfortable with your car. You have to go into turn one, every lap, with confidence. You have to be sure of yourself and your equipment.
Someday well look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
My definition of a redundancy is an air-bag in a politicians car.
You must do as your people do. If my people are poor, I must be poor. People ask me, Why dont you find a personal coach or a private car? I cant. Then I wont be part of my people.
I swear my car wont run unless Im picking my nose: At least, Im that superstitious about it, so I dont want to take any chances.
I think were getting to the point where everyones getting fat and everyones getting allergic, or claims to be allergic to something and people cant walk from their front door to their car without a bottle of water in their hand because they have to hydrate every three and half steps.
A critic is a man who knows the way but cant drive the car.
Nobodys ever asked me to pay for a meal before Ive eaten it, Ive never been pulled over just because I was driving the wrong kind of car in the wrong kind of area at the wrong time of night.
When I saw all those other drivers, I realized that they wanted to win that money just as much as I did. But I didnt have to worry. A tire came off my car and I was lucky I got it off the track.
I remember walking the dog one day, I saw a car full of teenage girls, and one of them rolled down the window and yelled, Marc Jacobs! in a French accent.
It just seemed too weird to me. I dont know, maybe they were smoking a joint in the car downstairs from their parents apartment. I had to go that far to put together a scenario of how they could have possibly recognized me.
You want to make sure this particular car is going to please the customer and then youre going to be rewarded with something that is going to please the shareholder.
The bass players function, along with the drums, is to be the engine that drives the car... everything else is merely colours.
Spending $1 for a brand new house would feel very, very good. Spending $1,000 for a ham sandwich would feel very, very bad. Spending $19,000 for a small family car would feel, well, more or less right. But as with physical pain, fiscal pain can depend on the individual, and everyone has a different threshold.
I think Im actually quite a materialistic person, I value what it takes to make a car or build a nice house. Money does change things, but how it changes people depends on how they react to it.
Sometimes I wish I could drive a car, but Im gonna drive a car one day, so I dont worry about that.
The year most of my high school friends and I got our drivers permits, the coolest thing one could do was stand outside after school and twirl ones car keys like a lifeguard whistle. That jingling sound meant freedom and power.
The lead car is unique, except for the one behind it which is identical.
Either the car is stationary, or its on the move.
Im a car fanatic and each morning I wake up with a smile on my face, whether Im commentating on the Formula One or at Silver Hatch racetrack in Roary the Racing Car.
I am so sick of reading about another car bomb, another suicide bomber, another 10, 20, 30, 70, 100 people dead in a day, both Americans and Iraqis.
Police departments no longer have to pay overtime or divert resources from other projects to find out where an individual goes - all they have to do is place a tracking device on someones car or ask a cell phone company for that individuals location history and the technology does the work for them.
Ive always been a bit of a car freak.
Over my lifetime, the car had actually transcended the fact that it is a car. It has become a venue.
It was 100 feet of 16 mm black-and-white film of a car coming to a stop sign, and driving off. I had to decide how to frame and light it. It was magic. There was a sense of mystery.
Stay humble. Always answer your phone - no matter who else is in the car.
One morning, about four oclock, I was driving my car just about as fast as I could. I thought, Why am I out this time of night? I was miserable, and it came to me: Im falling in love with somebody I have no right to fall in love with.
I enjoy racing historic motorcars from the 50s and 60s. The seed of my interest was planted when I was about 12 years old and took over my mothers Morris Minor. I drove it around my fathers farm. But my favorite car is still a McLaren F1, which I have had for 10 years.
When you put gas in your car you are making a political statement, because you are supporting the empires that control and continue the destruction of some countries.
A suburban mothers role is to deliver children obstetrically once, and by car forever after.
A muscle is like a car. If you want it to run well early in the morning, you have to warm it up.
Its like, its kind of like if you ever had a car and it was a bit of a clunker but you love it, thats my show. Its a bit of a clunker but I know where everything is and I like it.
When I was really little I would sit in the back of my dads car when hed be playing old-school music. Hed turn down the music and turn around and Id be singing and know all of the words but I didnt even know how to talk. From then on Ive always wanted to be a singer.
Sometimes, when my wife and I were going out to dinner, I would take my laptop with me and work in the car, so as to take advantage of the half hour going and coming.
Ive got Aspergers syndrome and Im not a very good people person, so Ive always been more comfortable around machinery. Not in a weird way - I dont want to marry my car or anything stupid like that!
Okay, lets talk about cartoon labels for half a second - some people think anything with a dog or a car or a colorful alien is garbage, which is not true. Look at Big Moose Red. Its, like, a $6 wine with a cheesy label, and its actually a solid wine.
My mother is a big believer in being responsible for your own happiness. She always talked about finding joy in small moments and insisted that we stop and take in the beauty of an ordinary day. When I stop the car to make my kids really see a sunset, I hear my mothers voice and smile.
I dated a guy and he liked me but I didnt like him. I went through his wardrobe and cleaned out his house and got him to get a new car. He said to me, If I give you $10,000, will you find me my wife because I want someone like you? And within a year, he got married. That was the first match that led to me leaving my corporate job.
Im lucky because my dad taught me to be frugal and save. And thats important because I want to know that I dont have to take an acting job for two or three years if I dont want to and that Ill still be able to make my house and car payments and buy food for my dogs.
There are certain times I dont want my picture taken. If my wifes stepping out of a car and it looks like its going to come out an indecent picture, dont I have a right to object?
I mean, youve kind of got the track down, especially with ovals. The only thing that improves is that when race conditions come, you know what to expect slightly more from the track and from your car.
I think that Indy is special to me. The greater the distance between the last time I drove an Indy car and the next time, I wouldnt like that to be too big.
On Memorial Day, I was out floating on Lake Norman and came across Denny Hamlin. We struck up a conversation, and one of the first things we were talking about was how much it helped him when he started racing the Cup car and how much it helped his Nationwide program.
Every time I get into a Nationwide car after being in a Cup car, I feel so much more comfortable than I did previously.
No matter how good you are, how brave you are or anything, it comes down to that car so many times. Not every time, but so many times.
Im a big believer in everybody being themselves. If not doing a swimsuit calendar is yourself, thats great. But if doing a swimsuit calendar is yourself, then you should be able to do it. What I do outside the car adds to who I am and expresses a different side of me.
I think women like Ferraris. A Ferrari is everybodys car.
Freedom is not an ideal, it is not even a protection, if it means nothing more than freedom to stagnate, to live without dreams, to have no greater aim than a second car and another television set.
I started rapping before anybody had ever bought a car from it. It was truly about the art form and the culture, more so than now, where its a successful way to make money. Back then you had to be doing it because you liked it.
Austin sounds a little bit like Aston Martin, which is the type of car James Bond would drive.
Racism has been for everyone like a horrible, tragic car crash, and weve all been heavily sedated from it. If we dont come into consciousness of this tragedy, theres going to be a violent awakening we dont want. The question is, can we wake up?
It was my father who instilled the never say no attitude I carry around with me today, and who instilled in me a sense of wonder, always taking us on adventures in the car, never telling us the destination.
I did this Super-8 film at art school called Tissues, this black comedy about a family whose father has been arrested for child molestation. I was absolutely thrilled by every inch of it, and would throw my projector in the back of my car and show it to anybody who would watch it.
The culture is going into a psychological depression. We are concerned about our place in the world, about being competitive: Will my children have as much as I have? Will I ever own my own home? How can I pay for a new car? Are immigrants taking away my white world?
By the time the children go to bed, I am as drained as any mother who has spent her day working, car pooling, building Lego castles and shopping for the precisely correct soccer cleat.
I think weve been dulled by capitalism. Were just blobs now - were so worried about how we can keep paying the lease on the car, the mortgage, the lease on the toaster and all that. You cant really think about much else. If you lose that, you lose the whole lot.
Before now, Ive always taken my mixes out to the car and listened to them in the parking lot. I still do that, but more so now Im listening to it on the Beat box, and I think people should give it at least a listen and check it out and see what it is.
I like structure - like driving: go past the school on the street, stay on the right side, no hitting the car, go in right, youll see a big church, stop and take a left, and youll have it. By doing this Im giving a structure of life, a path of light, and showing what happens between me and me, which is something very beautiful.
Id kind of like to have a classic old muscle car. I think that would be fun.
Once I accepted Christ I immediately had peace. I still didnt have a place to live, I still didnt have a car, but I had peace.
When I was a kid I got busted for throwing a rock through a car window and egging a house on halloween.
Sometimes movie-making happens like clockwork other times, like a car accident.
I dont put myself on Jeff Becks level, but I can relate to him when he says hed rather be working on his car collection than playing the guitar.
The thing people dont understand is that touring or travelling or whatever you do in my position means you go to all these cool places all over the world, but you see everything from a car window. You dont get to see much of the city or meet people at all.
Im just attracted to playing people who are ostensible unlikable. Thats not to say that theres something in there that makes you care. It might be that you just find them so awful that you just cant stop watching, like a car crash.
I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but its motivational. I like old heavy metal when Im outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me.
I dont actually own a car.
The only thing I do on a computer is play Texas Hold Em, really. Obviously my cell phone is a computer. My car is a computer. Im on computers every day without actively seeking them out.
Johnny Guitar... just one of my favorite singers of all time. I met him when we were both on the road with Johnny Otis in the 50s when I was a teenager. We traveled the country in a car together.I would hear him sing every night.
But I have a driver, so I can return calls while Im in the car.
L.A. has a fantastic car scene and because the climate is so gentle, cars can last forever.
Id really like to get the girl, shoot the gun, drive the car, have fun. I even have these kind of action dreams, where Im the action guy.
I was raised in Chicago and I guess that was one of the special breeding grounds for gangsters of all colors. That was the Detroit of the gangster world. The car industry was thugs.
I sing in the car if Im in LA, because youre like soundproofed.
We had the guys from X Men 2 do the cameras. They had a 360 camera that would go from one car, up in the air and over to another car in a continuous shot while the film was still rolling, going 90 mph.
In New York, youve got Donald Trump, Woody Allen, a crack addict and a regular Joe, and theyre all on the same subway car.
I was turning 20 during my first record. Those decade birthdays always kind of cause me, it seems, to reflect, look back, and then look forward. I just was closing this period of my life where I was living in a car and scrambling my whole life to then signing a six-record deal with Atlantic.
In addition to this, they already have a fuel cell car on the road in Japan. It is subsidized from within the corporation because they are still at a high cost.
Toyota was the first to put a commercial fuel cell powered car on the road, and I have no doubt that Toyota will continue to be in the front lines in the development of competitive fuel cell vehicles.
I borrowed my friends car the other day in an attempt to persuade my husband that we needed a car and literally this is true, in the first day of borrowing the car, I got three tickets and I rear-ended it.
I used to look like a deer in headlights on the red carpet. You step out of the car and its bedlam. Everyones got crazy eyes.
Well, Ive been in a few car wrecks.
I dont want a flashy car, just something that would allow me to stop using the Tube. And it would be good not to have to rely on my mum all the time, particularly when I have to listen to her singing in her car.
When you read about a car crash in which two or three youngsters are killed, do you pause to dwell on the amount of love and treasure and patience parents poured into bodies no longer suitable for open caskets?
A life can get knocked into a new orbit by a car crash, a lottery win or just a bleary-eyed consultant giving bad news in a calm voice.
Home, nowadays, is a place where part of the family waits till the rest of the family brings the car back.
With all the hybrid stuff and things like that, I think thats a fabulous direction to go with cars in that sense. As someone who grew up around muscle cars, Ill never not be able to not love a muscle car. Not that I dont care about the environment, thats not it. But I adore muscle cars.
I dont even own a car.
Of course, Im older now. Im in a different place in my life than when I wrote the songs for Car Wheels or Essence or whatever. Different things were going on.
I hate fishing, and I cant imagine why anyone would want to hike when you can get in the car and drive.
I would make tea for Joni Mitchell or clean her car, anything to be in the studio and watch her work.
If any demonstrator ever lays down in front of my car, itll be the last car hell ever lay down in front of.
I am endlessly busy, bringing up five young kids, and trying to keep up with the three older ones. I still spend most of my life driving car pools.
Yes, I did and a lot of my friends who are in the same program as I were very much supportive, and the most important thing they said to me is do not let this interfere with what you have to do in taking car of yourself. That was the most important thing.
I read murder mysteries. I exercise 40 minutes a day. I watch videotapes while I exercise. I listen to audiotapes when I am in my car. And I try to stay in three different centuries.
People dont understand that it was maybe my biggest pleasure to drive an F1 car when its wet.
The people who criticise you will not be the ones taking care of your legs when you are in your wheelchair. People who never drove a car in these conditions, they just dont know.
When youre in a car which can win every race, or fight for a win every race, that is pressure.
We go through the whole season working on next seasons car and developing the car and making sure we fit in the car and all that sort of stuff. And we obviously give ideas of what we would hope next years car would have even if its small things like buttons on the steering wheel and different positions and whatever.
We all drive differently and have different styles. For me I need a car I can develop beneath me and feel comfortable in. If the car feels neutral and unbalanced it doesnt work for me.
I need to develop a car and engineer a car in a position that feels comfortable for me, and I dont think anyone can do a better job than I can in that position. The problem for me is if I cant get the car there I do struggle more than some.
To understand the intensity of driving an F1 car, you have to be in it. When youre driving a 750hp machine at 200mph, the noise and the vibrations are incredible. The G-force when you take big corners is like someone trying to rip your head off. You hit the brakes, and it feels as if the skin is being pulled off your body.
To drive an F1 car you have to be a little mad. On the morning of a race theres a mix of excitement and fear. If its a wet track, then its worse as youre not in control most of the time, which is the thing all drivers fear the most.
When I do retire, I know for a fact that Ill never be able to replace the incredible feeling I get when Im driving an F1 car.
In the car and in front of the camera I tend to be very calm but behind the scenes I can get fired up and passionate, I just dont see the need to shout my mouth off in public.
I dont purposely speed, but I might go over by five or six miles an hour from time to time. It doesnt give me a buzz driving on normal roads, because I cant go fast enough. Its never going to be anything like an F1 car.
The fast, flowing parts, the high-speed corners, thats where a Formula One car is at its best - changes of direction, pulling high g-forces left and right.
A lot of people think Formula One isnt a sport because everyone drives a car when they go to work in the morning. But were pulling up to six G on a corner or during breaking, which is almost like being a fighter pilot. So we have to do a lot of work on our neck muscles.
I keep my weight low, although you need to be able to move your weight around the race car to change the balance. Im 6ft and Im 70kg so I havent much fat on me.
Youre pulling 4-5G for a lot of the corners around the lap. We build up lactic acid because there are a lot of vibrations in the car, and you have to have strong legs to hit the brake pedal. We need to be fit to do every lap at 100%.
When youre doing a TV show, its not like you just shoot for six weeks and youre in an editing room with all of your footage. Its like a guitar or a car, you have to fine tune things. You stop doing whats not working, you work on what is working and you add things that do work.
Television is such an evolving medium. When youre doing a TV show, its not like you just shoot for six weeks and youre in an editing room with all of your footage. Its like a guitar or a car, you have to fine tune things. You stop doing whats not working, you work on what is working and you add things that do work.
If your goal is to be the biggest movie star in the world, a 10-movie contract is gold. It was never my goal. Up until now, I made movies - and I have a nice house, a nice car. Im fortunate, happy and grateful. Life is good.
Its that I dont like white paper backgrounds. A woman does not live in front of white paper. She lives on the street, in a motor car, in a hotel room.
Most of us would never consider getting our car repaired without first receiving an estimate of the charges, but this is exactly what we do when we need to go to a hospital for treatment.
My very best friend died in a car accident when I was 16 years old. That was the hardest blow emotionally that I have ever had to endure. Suddenly, you realize tomorrow might not come. Now I live by the motto, Today is what I have.
I grew up in Texas, and people love their American-made muscle cars there. I grew up around people who loved cars and took care of cars and my dads a big car nut, so I learned a little bit about cars - how to love them, most importantly. I think that from the time I could remember, Ive always envisioned myself in a vintage muscle car.
We talked about many issues, like welfare, is it the way of life or hand up? Talked about size of government, how much should it tax families and small businesses? And when we left that lunch, we got in the car and I looked over at Chuck and said, Ill be damned. were Republicans.
Sometimes I feel like Im not only the engine but the caboose. I have to be in the front car and pull forward, and at the same time run around behind and push everybody along with me.
Thats what I love. Not being interrupted, sitting in a car by myself and listening to music in the rain. There are so many great songs yet to sing.
I know I will die in a car crash.
I married a pretty famous girl, and when we drive through town theres usually a car following us, when I walk out of my front door in Chelsea theres six guys waiting for me.
Ive tried everything other than jumping out of a plane, but nothing gives you an adrenaline rush like racing a car.
I take cabs if I need to get somewhere or I take car service. I dont drive, I wouldnt mind riding a bike... People think that because you become an entertainer you gotta have this rock star thug image. Im an artist, man. Im going to live like an artist.
The energy of the crowd is insane. Twenty thousand people. Its the biggest jolt of adrenaline. Its very hard to explain. You know the old story about the woman lifting the car off her kid? Its in that realm. You can actually hurt yourself and not know it.
The first time I rode a bike I was four or five. I crashed into the back of a car.
If ones honest about it, spending time in a car with children is pretty ghastly.
I lived on the top of one hill and the school was at the top of another hill. Nobody ever went to school by car - we didnt have any cars during the war. So that to and from school was itself a training.
Its a tricky place, especially the last sector. I wasnt happy in practice. I wasnt happy with the car and I wasnt happy with myself. But I always thought there was more in the car.
Qualifying is all about putting everything that you have and that the car has in one lap. Its like a rush, I really enjoy that.
All in all it was a smooth race, the car was very well balanced. Im very proud to be the first winner here in India.
There is no secret, once we go to qualifying, we all seem to enjoy it. Qualifying is all about putting everything that you have and that the car has in one lap. Its like a rush, I really enjoy that.
When you walk the track and you see a corner and realise you were going round it at 160mph, you wonder who could be so stupid to take a corner at that speed. But in the car, you dont even think about that.
Simply racing a Formula 1 car is an achievement.
We always kept believing in ourselves and our team and the car.
I could never drive in a great big car people like me because Im a man of the people, a hustler.
Lifes too short when you find yourself sitting in a car for four hours every day trying to get from East L.A. to West L.A. to Hollywood and then back to East L.A.
I was an economics major in college, and every summer after school, I would drive my car from California, from Claremont mens college at the time, to New York. And I worked on Wall Street.
Divorced men are more likely to meet their car payments than their child support obligations.
Im carded for R-rated movies. And I get talked down to a lot. When I try to go rent a car or buy an airplane ticket or other stuff adults do, I get Okaaaaaay, honey. I remember when I was 18, getting crayons in a restaurant.
When I climb into my car, I enter my destination into a GPS device, whose spatial memory supplants my own. I have photographs to store the images I want to remember, books to store knowledge and now, thanks to Google, I rarely have to remember anything more than the right set of search terms to access humankinds collective memory.
I own stock, and I also insure my car with Geico.
My next adventure will be being in a car with Mischa at the wheel.
A few years ago I was at a party and this guy threw me over his shoulder, ran across the street, put me in his car, and stuck his tongue in my mouth.
People go to car races to watch the crashes.
Everybody has a gun in their car in Detroit.
A woman is gentle, soft, delicate, and a mans position is to protect her, help her up stairs, make sure shes in the car safely first. Take good care of your woman, and the skys the limit!
Im a crazy car guy. Ive got an airplane hangar full of cars.
You know, if youre Guy Kawasaki and you create a car that gets 500 miles a gallon with zero emissions, people on the Internet would say: I could have done that in half an hour, and its been done before. Whats the big deal? I expected something more from him. Meanwhile, they didnt do it, right? Theyre still living at home with their mothers.
We should tell our kids to just have fun, participate and not get bent on winning or losing. But every coach, when they say that, they say it tongue in cheek, Dont worry about winning: If you win Ill get you ice cream, but if you lose Im going to pout in the car.
Its so funny looking back, but my so-called overnight success actually took 15 years. I remember when I didnt have any money, and my only car was moms Hyundai.
I have mentally overcome situations most of you would be terrified to ever attempt: heights, fire, needles, spiders, snakes, angry monkeys, being shot, being hit by a car, going blind - you name it, I have been in a situation where I have had to mentally overcome my inherent fears to do my job.
Im starting to think about things that I want to do, things that are fun. One of them is driving a car like a Porsche. Ive driven a lot of cars - sedans, trucks and big family vehicles all year long. But theres nothing like a four-wheel-drive Porsche.
I drank a lot when I was a teenager and I dont drink any more, because thats when I thought, you know, Im gonna end up a car wreck.
Im a big potato chip girl. I dont like chocolate and cakes and all that, but I have to have my potato chips. Ive got bags in the back of my car right now! But I never beat myself up about it, because, look: You cant give up every damn thing. You need something in your life that you like just because you like it!
Ive always been an avid reader. If I dont have a book in the car, Ill stop and pick one up just to have something to read. I dont even remember learning to read.
My work is more about trying to ask good questions and not trying to come up with big shows. Every fashion company is doing that, every car company is doing that.
Every song has a composer, every book has an author, every car has a maker, every painting has a painter, and every building has a builder. So it isnt irrational to take this simple logic a little further and say that nature must have had a Maker. It would be irrational to believe that it made itself.
Heres the thing that I think about life - if you manage to get into a space where you dont need that much, where the overhead of your life is not that great and youre pretty happy and relaxed without that much stuff, you are really liberated because you never have to say yes to something because you want another refrigerator or car!
The biggest thrill a ballplayer can have is when your son takes after you. That happened when my Bobby was in his championship Little League game. He really showed me something. Struck out three times. Made an error that lost the game. Parents were throwing things at our car and swearing at us as we drove off. Gosh, I was proud.
Id like to have the flying car, I think thatd be really cool.
Anyone can write a story based on the kind of horror where you see a guy in car and then theres the bad guy in the back seat. Its infantile to rely on that for telling a story. Thats like going to bed and thinking theres a monster under your bed. Its silly.
I always loved music. You know, my parents said I started singing when I was 4, in the car.
I think fear is what keeps us from going over the edge. I mean, as a race car driver, I dont think what makes a good race car driver is a fearless person. I think its somebody that is comfortable being behind the wheel of something thats somewhat out of control.
I really enjoy not getting in a car and running errands on bikes.
To say that I am organized is an understatement, but my car tells a different story.
I lived in small town out in the desert and my friend used to steal his moms car in the middle of the night. Hed drive over to my house, Id sneak out and wed go out to the desert and just burn things down.
So, I remember when I was a kid, I was waiting for my mom to come home when she was working late, and, you know, I was like, Oh my God, what happened to her? Is she OK? Did something happen to her getting in the car? I was a little kid. But those are actually early onsets of anxiety.
On my job I end up jumping out of planes. Last week I got in an 18-wheeler and drove down a runway onto a skid track. The week before that they put me in a car and sunk me to the bottom of a lake to see if I could escape without an oxygen tank.
In L.A., I dont really want to go out because traffic sucks so bad. Im sorry, Im not going to spend five hours a day in my car, so you have to choose where you live very carefully.
I quit after a bad car accident. The thing about boxing is that you can be a star for five or six years, but when you go back to the old life, its tough.
A lot of the songs start with an image. I was sitting there playing the guitar and I pictured this old, dirty green car, with the window rolled down, in the hot, hot, hot Texas heat, and this beautiful woman I knew when I was a kid sitting behind the wheel, looking out at me.
I hate modern car radios. In my car, I dont even have a push-button radio. Its just got a dial and two knobs. Just AM. One knob makes it louder, and one knob changes the station. When youre driving, thats all I want.
I once went to one of those parties where everyone throws their car keys into the middle of the room. I dont know who got my moped, but I drove that Peugeot for years.
Come rain or shine I walk short distances rather than taking my car.
I think the Smart Car is awesome. The only problem is Ive been on the freeway and felt like I was going to be blown away like a Tim Hortons coffee cup, so I may have to upgrade to a Mini Cooper - something a little stronger.
The way you continue to be a successful business is you dont wait for the car to go off the cliff. You have to manage yourself. And make sure you do it in the right way so you are not making decisions in crisis.
We each own one car, and we have a reasonable house. Its a lovely place to be, but its not extravagant.
As soon as I began to earn what might be called fairly large sums, I bought a car and began to explore the country around New York.
If you saw a dog going to be crushed under a car, wouldnt you help him?
One thing that worried me was how writers get categorized and so they end up having to write the same kind of book again and again. That is fine if it is what you want to do, but I would rather be locked in the trunk of my car with a weasel than write the same book every three years until I die.
Ive worked as a labourer, driven taxis and school buses, and been a car mechanic - whatever I could do just to get by. But it does mean that I know a little bit about a lot of things.
What I enjoy doing more than anything is, I have my little antique car collection, and when the weather is pretty I like to get out one of my old cars. I have a little route I run down in the country, down Nachez Trace Parkway. The loop down through there is just really relaxing, not much traffic.
I am a horrible visual artist. I cant fix a car, sew, knit, cook, etc. Statistically, there is more I dont do than do.
The word geek today does not mean what it used to mean. A geek isnt the skinny kid with a pocket protector and acne. There can be computer geeks, video game geeks, car geeks, military geeks, and sports geeks. Being a geek just means that youre passionate about something.
A geek isnt the skinny kid with a pocket protector and acne. There can be computer geeks, video game geeks, car geeks, military geeks, and sports geeks. Being a geek just means that youre passionate about something.
In the heat of the Russian summer a sleeping car is the most horrible instrument of martyrdom imaginable.
When I grew up there wasnt air-conditioning or anything of that nature, and this old car had a wall thickness of about ten inches. So we had a little warmer house in the winter and a little cooler in the summer.
It sounds like something from a Woody Guthrie song, but its true I was raised in a freight car.
There were times when I thought I would never own a car.
The image is where you have dinner at night, who youre seeing. Its what car you drive and how you dress. People in the industry sell that, and it creates a dream. Theres nothing else.
Im the one who gets called up about a problem. Im the one who gets called up about the street lighting and the abandoned car. Im the one who gets blamed if the police dont arrive. Im the one they blame if a city truck is broken down.
You know, its amazing. I dont even have a car, would you believe it? I had a motorbike and it got stolen last year. So Ive got to buy another one of those, I suppose. I can treat myself to that.
I always keep a ball in the car. You never know.
Ive made movies that cost less than one car chase.
In 1950, when the Giants signed me, they gave me $15,000. I bought a 1950 Mercury. I couldnt drive, but I had it in the parking lot there, and everybody that could drive would drive the car. So it was like a community thing.
Some people think my father was a spy, because of working for that government agency in Vietnam, but he cant find his car keys, much less keep a national secret.
All I want to know is that I can keep this house for the rest of my days and I want to make good music... and have the odd sports car in the garage, obviously!
Its not a case of look at me in my car its more, look at the car. I like the idea of other people enjoying them, because everything has become a bit faceless and nobody likes the motor car any more.
I didnt get my first car until I was 22. It was a BMW 1602 and now Ive got it back Im waiting to restore it.
All the times being like, Who rented this car and why are we going to this place? You take the easy route and go, Oh, thanks for the champagne. Ill have another.
The United Nations four or five years ago put out a study that said the meat industry, meat-eating, growing meat for food is the No. 1 killer of our planet - not No. 2 or No. 3: No 1. You know whats No. 2? Transportation. Everyone thinks that No. 1 is transportation, and goes out and buys a hybrid car. Screw the hybrid cars. Dont eat hamburgers.
You cannot expect the guy who drove the car into the ditch to navigate it out of the ditch. You have to put a new driver in the seat. Im not saying the new driver is going to be any better, but we need a new driver. Kerry is the only choice.
The idea that maybe you dont have to own a car if you only need one occasionally may catch on, just like time-sharing caught on in real estate.
I have always had this mentality because I hated to break anything on the car.
One of my biggest problems this season was with the clutch at the start of the race. I hate to risk the car.
I dont like to go over curbs, because I dont want to be hard on the car.
You were not in control You had no visibility: maybe there was a car in front of you, maybe not.
We have an uncanny ability to make birds do what we want them to do. In Blood Simple theres a shot from the bumper of a car and its going up this road and a huge flock of birds takes off at the perfect moment.
I took guitar a while back, and my heart wasnt in it at the time, but Im ready to try it again. I sing in the car, at home - its a huge part of my life, especially since Im from Tennessee.
I love Lady Antebellum and Miranda Lambert - they write from the heart. But its hard to find a country music lover in L.A. None of my friends really listen to it, and they hate getting in the car with me because I just blast Taylor Swift.
I definitely love that all these car brands are coming out with hybrid forms of every car that they have. Its very awesome because I think it does make a difference, and it doesnt hurt that you save a lot of money on gas.
Ive always had an affinity and a passion for cars and that whole car culture.
Paul is Starsky, and I met him before shooting. He was very kind and encouraged us to go with what we wanted to do. It was very sweet to see them back with the car after 25 years.
I grew up in Texas and we used to go to Padre Island, eight hours in the car down to the beach.
My dad used to love Steely Dan, the Stones, Jethro Tull and all that. There was always Steely Dan going in my dads car, but I remember The Royal Scam in particular because it has Kid Charlemagne on it.
When I was in New York, I was making a living. We had a summer house and a car that I could put in a garage. Thats something for a stage actor.
Your car should drive itself. Its amazing to me that we let humans drive cars... Its a bug that cars were invented before computers.
Consider the perverse effect cap and trade has on altruistic actions. Say you decide to buy a small, high-efficiency car. That reduces your emissions, but not your countrys. Instead it allows somebody else to buy a bigger S.U.V. - because the total emissions are set by the cap.
Every summer my husband and I pack our suitcases, load our kids into the car, and drive from tense, crowded New York City to my familys cottage in Maine. Its on an island, with stretches of sea and sandy beaches, rocky coasts, and pine trees. We barbecue, swim, lie around, and try to do nothing.
Its like, no matter what I do, I always feel like Im five years old, and I end up in the back of my fathers car looking out the window, and nothing has changed in 25 years.
I did a twenty foot print and John Cage is involved in that because he was the only person I knew in New York who had a car and who would be willing to do this.
I was 16 years old, driving to LA, and sleeping in my car, just trying to make it happen.
I arrived in California with no job, no car, and no money, but, like millions of other girls, a dream.
I remember when metal was something you really had to search out, and now I hear it on car commercials.
You know, sitting in the car when they got back in and - first of all, it was relief. I was not - there were two get away cars or switch cars they were called. And, you know, the group tended to include everyone.
So much of life is luck. One day you make a right turn and get hit by a car. Turn left and you meet the love of your life. I think I made the correct turn.
The ought to be a worldwide cultural taskforce that just stops you when you have ideas like combining The Red Desert with an armored car heist movie.
Well, it is so difficult right now when you look out on the road and how fast people go and the more and more cars you see out there, for teenagers, youd think a kid that literally, a few years before, was sitting back in a car seat in the back seat is now behind the wheel.
But I also like to shower my parents with presents. I bought them a beautiful car and a house.
And we turned off and 30 miles south theyre standing in the middle of our road blocking our way, stopped the car, got out, took us through the path in the woods, where the craft was on the ground.
So if youre a robot and youre living on this planet, you can do things that you cant do in real life - things that you wished you could do: like fly like have a car that flies like have furniture that is alive.
Going to car racing school was phenomenal.
A gun can be dangerous. But a gun can protect you, you can hunt for food with it - you know, the tool itself is a tool. The intention of the party using the tool is a part of the process, right? You know: the knife cuts the steak, stabs the person, saves somebody from danger, cuts somebody out of a car.
Ive made club songs, and Ive made radio songs, and Ive made the car songs.
My first car was an 84 Ford Taurus. It caught on fire from me trying to change the fuel pump, so that wasnt good at all. Dried leaves on the ground while I was trying to change the fuel pump. Dont do that. Do it on concrete.
We need a number of solutions - we need more efficiency and conservation. Efficiency is a big one. I think car companies need to do a lot better in producing more efficient cars. They have the technology, we just need to demand them as consumers.
Twenty years ago, I was living in a lovely cottage on the edge of Dartmoor but I couldnt afford to run a car.
I dont want to be in my car all day. I love getting up in the morning in Venice and walking my dogs down to the cafe to get my tea, and then perhaps going to a bookstore and sitting and reading, then walking to the beach.
The day I won an Emmy was also the day my father passed away. I received a call from my sister on the way to the ceremony and had to turn my car around and catch the first flight back to Karachi.
Because of that I dont care when I read in the newspaper that I am colourblind. I went through a red light in my car and I stopped when I before a green light. So I must be really colourblind, eh?
The courts cannot garnish a fathers salary, nor freeze his account, nor seize his property on behalf of his children, in our society. Apparently this is because a kid is not a car or a couch or a boat.
Mayors could never get away with the kind of nonsense that goes on in Washington. In our world, you either picked up the trash or you didnt. You either moved an abandoned car or you didnt. You either filled a pothole or you didnt. Thats what we do every day. And we know how to get this stuff done.
The negative effects of combat were nightmares, and Id get jumpy around certain noises and stuff, but youd have that after a car accident or a bad divorce. Lifes filled with trauma. You dont need to go to war to find it its going to find you. We all deal with it, and the effects go away after awhile. At least they did for me.
In college, my big money memory was saving up to buy a car with my boyfriend, whom I lived with.
I think Im pretty smart on what I spend my money on. I still dont have a new car, I drive my old car that Ive had forever. But I bought a house in downtown Chicago.
Im not a car guy. The subway gets me where I need to go efficiently and cheaply, and I dont worry about traffic.
When Im in town on Sundays, I sometimes go down to the Central Bar in the East Village to watch English football. But my natural inclination now is to get in the car with my wife and kids and get out of town.
A man from a primitive culture who sees an automobile might guess that it was powered by the wind or by an antelope hidden under the car, but when he opens up the hood and sees the engine he immediately realizes that it was designed.
Because Im a young black man driving a really nice, expensive car, I sometimes get harassed when Im rolling through a ghetto neighbourhood.
I feel comfortable around every driver out there and each driver is in charge of their own car, but you feel very secure racing the competition out there.
There are going to be little victories that we claim, even if its finishing 15th and putting the car back in hauler without a scratch on it.
This is like my dads race team where we had one Legend car. If we wrecked it, we couldnt race the next week unless we had enough parts to put it back together again.
So there is going to be that balance of understanding how to get the best out of the car that day, whether its 15th or even if I have a shot at a top 10, protecting that car so we can bring it back when we have to.
Its just that fun atmosphere, working on the car, being with the guys. This is exactly what I needed.
James Finch is exactly what Im looking for, as far as getting back into the race car to have fun.
I feel like were a very good top-10 car, but we really have to work hard and find a unique way to get these top fives.
I dont have an interest in any car that isnt good for the environment, other than maybe an aesthetic quality in a picture book.
My dream car would be a Maserati. That would be amazing.
Parking is a nightmare for me... I still have sensors on my car that help me park.
People spend so much time in their cars, and its a legal way to have fun by speeding a little bit or testing yourself a little bit, and you get to invest in your car. For some people, it becomes their baby.
In sport there is never any moment that is the same as the other. I have been in Formula One for 12 years, and out of that I had one year with the perfect car.
I knew that by getting behind the wheel of the car and having had something to drink, the responsibility laid on my shoulders.
I remember that all of a sudden, the car felt like I couldnt control it. It was absolutely the most horrifying experience. We rolled over, off the freeway. I think there was something wrong with the car.
I will never have a drink and get behind the wheel of a car. Its not illegal to drink and drive, but there becomes a certain point where it does become a crime.
I never listen to music in the house, I listen to music in the car.
Investors have few spare tires left. Think of the image of a car on a bumpy road to an uncertain destination that has already used up its spare tire. The cash reserves of people have been eaten up by the recent market volatility.
Now having said that, I realize that releasing a film in the real world is like trying to get General Motors to release a handmade car.
On the average, I dont spend more than 15 minutes in the car - to go to the golf course or the gym. And thats the only time I listen to the radio.
Eventually I did that, but it took a lot of twists and turns, and there were a year or two there where I was living with no money at all - no home, no car, no nothing. I was living in somebodys garage in Los Angeles at that point - for a year.
I could be on 52nd and Third in Manhattan up and ask a strange for directions and they will help you, thats a rural heart. Your car breaks down in the middle of Iowa or somewhere, or Tennessee where Im from, people want to help each other. Given each opportunity, you see how people come together.
If I test the car for a year I can be quite competitive the next season.
Have you ever noticed how nice people are at the car wash?! Maybe its just me, but it makes me happy. Weird, I know!
It used to be that youd have a song recorded by a major country artist and if it was a hit, you could buy a car. Now you can buy a dealership.
When I finish an album and I find myself listening to it in the car, because it makes me feel a certain way, thats the time to try to let other people know about it.
I dont think radio is selling records like they used to. Theyd hawk the song and hawk the artist and youd get so excited, youd stop your car and go into the nearest record store.
I did a lot of gasoline commercials - Hess, Texaco. I was part of the family in the car, the little brat in the back.
Once when I was 16 I had my car taken away from me for being past curfew. Oh, and I said a bad word once, and I actually did get my mouth washed out with soap.
Im addicted to laughing. I go to see a lot of comedy shows. Im addicted to playing really loud and obnoxious rock music in my car. Im addicted to beautiful clothes and shoes. I just love gorgeous stuff and work hard to acquire pretty things, shiny things. Im addicted to shiny things!
The thing about drugs and sex is that you lose all your inhibitions. Ive had sex in trains, planes, wine bars... and quite a few car parks!
From 1997 when we came in, you guys and the public bought seven million more cars. You didnt get rid of the second car, did you? So what is happening is the growth of cars on the motorway.
Im not gonna ride home in the car. Ill wait for Randy. I think Ill get home quicker.
Boys, they cant take my refrigerator now. Theyll never get my car now. I paid cash for em and theyre mine, and Im keepin em!
When the Exxon Valdez spilled in 1989, I was angry. I even wrote on the back of my car, Boycott Exxon!
The only way people are going to change their car buying habits, and the only way government will get behind alternatively fueled vehicles, is if gasoline prices continue to go up.
I used to have this Mercedes, a dark blue 450SLC, which was the most beautiful car. Id like to have another unusual, beautiful car.
I allow myself one nice car.
A male gynecologist is like an auto mechanic who has never owned a car.
They put chains on me they chained my waist, my legs. Put me in the back of a squad car, and I literally blacked out. I didnt even - theres whole pieces missing.
I started out by believing God for a newer car than the one I was driving. I started out believing God for a nicer apartment than I had. Then I moved up.
Man, coaching is a hard job, and it requires a lot of time... I hear stories from coaches who tell me that players call them in the middle of the night not knowing where they parked their car.
I was a little different. I still say Im a little different, because success to me is not having the most money, or having the biggest car or the biggest house.
I live in a kind of gay bubble. I live in a gay house, I drive a gay car. I eat gay food.
I think, like everybody else in New Hampshire, when I pull up to fill up my car and I pay $50, I get upset. And Im wondering if these prices are legitimate.
I was in prison for a charge in Texas, murder one. Back in the 70s in Texas, I was there. I heard the shot. I was in the car.
Faith is the substance of hope - of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen. So if you can hope for it and imagine it, and keep imagining and hoping and seeing yourself driving a new car, or seeing yourself getting that job, or seeing yourself excel, seeing yourself help that person - that is faith.
Im gonna be the best dad that ever lived. Ill have a ranch with a race car track and a golf course.
When I was living on the street I would be standing out in front of Graumans Chinese Theater, leaning against my car and signing autographs and nobody had any idea that I was living in it.
I remember my wife and I used to get on plane and see everybody else with their babies. Theyd be putting strollers and car seats up above, and wed think: Oh, please Lord, dont make us go through that.
I think theres a suspicion in the South of people putting on airs. You see it in most successful Southern politicians, but you also see it in someone like Richard Petty, who may be a multimillionaire stock car driver, but hes also beloved because he has a nice self-deprecatory way about him.
Is there some risk every day we walk out our front door? Every time we get in our car? Yeah. Are we materially less safe now than we were 10 years ago? Whatever delta there is, its very small.
It bothers me when I hear it in a car commercial or some such. But for the most part, its better than seeing sacred music relegated to the scrap heap.
The will is never free - it is always attached to an object, a purpose. It is simply the engine in the car - it cant steer.
I just completed a tour in Europe. I played every night. This requires traveling some days for six hours in a van or a train or a car. After six weeks of that, I checked into the hotel and just fell apart.
People would say you look weak if youre not cursing the opposition and driving around in a big black car while always wearing a tie. Above all, to be strong youre always supposed to be giving orders.
If you or me go to the gas station to fill up our car and it costs us much more than we expected, it will zap our discretionary income. We wont have the extra money to buy that washing machine or new winter coat-all big ticket items that are important to economic growth.
I was so wild and crazy and dumb in my car. It didnt run but 30 miles an hour. You made do.
When youre in a race car, youre going through so many different emotions throughout that race.
The problem is that the Iraqi people are facing atrocities from both sides - Zarqawi and also the American troops at times. The Zarqawi groups uses car bombs, the Americans use other bombs. You also know what they do in the prisons.
The driver of a racing car is a component. When I first began, I used to grip the steering wheel firmly, and I changed gear so hard that I damaged my hand.
Well, you go to Holland and everybodys on a bike - nobody would think to have a car.
If I start outsourcing all my navigation to a little talking box in my car, Im sort of screwed. Im going to lose my car in the parking lot every single time.
I think that people dont know how to do anything anymore. My father was a janitor. He could take a car apart and put it back together. He could build a house in the back yard. Today, if you ask people what they know, they say, I know how to hire someone.
I mean, you have a general tone of it but its pretty much you get to come in and youre going to flip this car and its going to blow up and youre going to come out on fire and you go oh, thats cool, and then you get paid a lot of money.
No, in Lethal Weapon I was a taxi cab driver that Mel jumps in front of the taxi and pulls me out of the car and steals the taxi. Then I did some other indie driving for some of the car sequences.
So then I started doing a lot of episodic TV, just car chases or helicopter chases or whatever.
They had some really cool rigged cars and things that were different that they would tow behind the camera car that were actually on these trailers that manipulated side to side and stuff like they were getting hit, and actually put the actor right in the middle of the chase.
I dont own a car.
Im calling from my car, Im sorry, Im like running around like crazy.
I really like listening to music in my car.
There are races and then there are races. And without a doubt, the Indy 500 is the race that Ive always wanted to attend. And now, to be driving the Corvette Pace Car... this is going to be unbelievable.
It was all that stuff about taking your parents car when youre 13, sneaking booze into rock shows and ditching school with your friends. I could relate to that as a former teenager, rather than as a present parent.
I think the true test of a pop song, for me, and Ive talked to a lot of other writers about this, is you take your demo, you pop it in your car and you drive down Sunset Blvd. to Santa Monica, and thats the Hollywood car test.
I absolutely refuse to reveal my age. What am I - a car?
I only know it takes weeks to recover, as if one had been in a car accident.
I would like you all to give me a round of applause as I have not crashed my car in over 15 months.
Every little kid has always wanted to be a race car driver. This gets some of that out.
Space isnt remote at all. Its only an hours drive away if your car could go straight upwards.
And I think that if I were a for real celebrity that was recognizable everywhere, Id just crawl under a rock and you know, have someone run over the rock with a car, or something.
In the United States three new methods of transportation made their appearance at almost the same time - the steamboat, the canal boat, and the rail car.
Have you heard about the Irishman who reversed into a car boot sale and sold the engine?
I want do some kind of action movie, car chases and explosions.
Im like, Would you be the person in the room that would boo when Dylan went electric? I know I wouldnt. Or are you the person that left The Beatles after She Loves You, or Drive My Car? You werent on board for Revolution 9 or Day In The Life, were you?
Well, honey, I had the million dollar houses, I had the car, I had the horse, I had the barn I had everything. Was I set free? I didnt even know what that meant.
It was in San Diego and I was onstage and couldnt remember how to play the guitar properly. I was in terrible pain and my nervous system was just going wild, like somebody had just run a car over me.
The first trip I remember taking was on the train from Virginia up to New York City, watching the summertime countryside rolling past the window. They used white linen tablecloths in the dining car in those days, and real silver. I love trains to this day. Maybe that was the beginning of my fixation with leisurely modes of travel.
I am very puzzled by the fact that young people are getting infected again. They dont take precautions despite an enormous amount of information. Its like riding a race car at 200 kilometers an hour. Some people like the risk.
I listen to KCRW in the car and Pandora radio, which I stream through the stereo from my iPhone. Ive been listening to everything from Caribou to Conway Twitty. If Im going on a longer car ride, Ill download some podcasts.
ER was one of my favourites. I played a car accident victim who has leukemia. I got to wear a neck brace and nose tubes for the two days I worked.
I drive a car that has pleather seats.
In the history of the world, no one has ever washed a rented car.
As I was coming out of the closet, our car was hurtling over an embankment.
Some people say it might be good for your career to die and then come back again. I have died many ways, car crashes, motorcycle crashes, etc. But, I am still alive.
Dear motorist on the information superhighway. Im sorry I do not have a car.
In the end I didnt get a top car any more. I had no toughness left. That was the reality.
I was always an observer, even as a child. I could be satisfied to sit in a car for 3 hours and just look at the street go by while my mother went shopping.
I mostly drive around in a Fiat 500 TwinAir, and thats a pretty small car!
Now, personally, I like a car with some sort of character.
The easiest and simplest thing that any one can do to make their car safer, more gas efficient, whatever - check the tire pressure.
My first car was a 1976 Toyota Corolla Liftback in red, like the one in The Blues Brothers. I painted a Union Jack on the roof. I was absolutely in love with it until I destroyed it, which broke my heart!
Its not just the kid whos spent every penny from his job to upgrade his car to tell the world he cares about sports cars, its also the person driving around in a fuel-conscious hybrid electric car, because its more a message to the world than an effective means of saving fuel, to be quite honest.
Ive been in a car three or four times when it filled with water and its not a comfortable feeling.
You dont have to worry about whether the car is set up right or not, you know it is, and its down to you. Ultimately, thats what every driver wants.
I am going to miss that time when you take that corner better than anybody else could have taken it on that lap or you do that great qualifying lap or you make that great pass or you bring a crippled car home.
Ford used to come to work in a big car with two Admirals flags, on each side of the car. His assistant would be there with his accordion, playing, Hail to the Chief.
Acting advice is a bit like your parents teaching you how to drive a car. You know theyre right, but you still kind of want them to shut up a bit.
You need someone to tell you how to do things like hitting your marks, or driving a car so it looks right or getting out of a car so it doesnt take a million years of screen time.
The thing about New York is you can leave your house without a plan and find the day. You cant do that in Los Angeles. You need to get in your car, all this, you cant just drive around like a lunatic. In New York, you can literally walk outside, and wind up anywhere.
The New Dealers have all left Washington to make way for the car dealers.
Is it sufficient that you have learned to drive the car, or shall we look and see what is under the hood? Most people go through life without ever knowing.
I was really into classifieds for awhile. Im a big negotiator. My father owned a car dealership when I was younger... its just in my blood.
We were racing at circuits where there were no crash barriers in front of the pits, and fuel was lying about in churns in the pit lane. A car could easily crash into the pits at any time. It was ridiculous.
It wasnt a secret that I was gay. Id come out to my parents during my junior year of high school, on the day that I also wrecked the family car.
My health is wonderful. I work out. Im working. Playing music. I have a beautiful wife, a nice home, a nice car, I got money in the bank. I got three beautiful dogs that love me. Like I said, Im blessed. I survived.
Id rather drive the yellow brick road, you wouldnt happen to know of a rental car place around.
The red carpet is kind of a surreal experience. Theres nothing normal about it, so for me the most important thing is to maintain some normality right until the point you get out of the car.
I listened to it last night for the first time since we started this project. I went out to my car and put it in and went to an empty parking lot and just listened and read the little pamphlet that came with it. After two or three songs I burst into tears.
Ive been in California for about 15 years now. Youre always in your car and insulated. I miss New York so much.
I wasnt going to get such a nice car - I was going to get a cute little hybrid or something, keep the trees happy - but then my grandfather died, and it was all: retail therapy!
As far as luxury goes, about the only thing I do is... I go first class all the way. I live on the road, so when Im out there, Im getting the nice hotel suite, Im getting the luxury car, Im eating the good food, and I make sure I take care of myself on the road.
I have very long legs and I hate driving anything unless its a boat or an ATV in the jungle. I like to sit in the back of a car, where I can look out the window, answer my emails on my iPad, or hold hands with a pretty girl.
If I had done what I was programmed to do, I would now be sitting in a car factory looking at the sizes of wheels, or wondering how to get credit to start a new factory in Russia.
The senior officer who met with reporters in Baghdad said there had been 21 car bombings in the capital in May, and 126 in the past 80 days. All last year, he said, there were only about 25 car bombings in Baghdad.
I have a Volvo S60R and its a pretty fast car, the R says it all.
I have a new little stray dog that Ive had for about a month now. His name is Mikey Mohawk - hes this little terrier with a natural Mohawk. My friend found him hit by a car on Pico Boulevard.
When I was little, I used to work with my dad on the engine of his car. Mostly this was a matter of me handing him wrenches.
When I was 15, my parents left town for a month. They hid the keys to the car, but I found them. That month, I drove my stepdads Thunderbird Super Coupe into Manhattan every day, and I would crank Cypress Hill as I flew around the city, racing the taxis.
The hardest part was when I was in high school not having a job and always being broke. I had to get to auditions without a car. I either took the bus or walked.
Accidents happen, whether theyre car accidents, friendly fire, drug overdoses. Accidents happen, and theyre tragic. Its like a bomb that goes off and pieces of shrapnel rip into the flesh of the family. Its the families that need the compassion, because everywhere they walk, every day, someone reminds them of their loss.
The fact is that a car used by Gerry Adams and myself during the course of the Mitchell review was bugged by elements within British military intelligence.
The percentage youre paying is too high priced While youre living beyond all your means And the man in the suit has just bought a new car From the profit hes made on your dreams.
Like all soul singers, I grew up singing in church but sometimes I would leave early and sit in the car listening to gospel band, The Blind Boys of Alabama. Hearing their lead singer Clarence made me connect the idea of church and show business and see how I could make a career singing music that stirred the soul.
As you get older, things conk out. Its a bit like a car. As long as its something the mechanics can fix, you can chug on for a few more thousand miles.
On the dance floor, as much as you say, Ladies, you are the car. He is the driver. You can only go where he takes you, they still try to be in control.
The same things weve done the past couple of seasons. Weve worked on the engine and clutch. Well try and pick up the performance and consistency of the car and go back out there.
Were going to test with the same car, but we have a new car ready.
I dont get rattled about the big things. I get rattled when I have to pick up my laundry, get gas in the car, pick up a script.
Indy car racing is much more aggressive.
The racing drivers mind has to have the ability to have amazing anticipation, coordination, and reflex. Because of the speed the car goes.
You are going in one second the length of a football field. That means you brain is receiving information from your body what the car is doing physically, bumping, balance, performance.
You have to visualize a second or two ahead of your car what line you are taking, what you are going to do, before you get there because it comes too fast.
You always hear the phrase, money doesnt buy you happiness. But I always in the back of my mind figured a lot of money will buy you a little bit of happiness. But its not really true. I got a new car because the old ones lease expired.
I dont want to rap about my car. How generic is that? Be creative.
Now Im having to live with sales of around 50,000 per album - but Im pretty content with my place in the general scheme of things, even if its meant I dont drive a fancy car and cant afford grand vacations.
A paparazzo once jumped out of a car and started running backward with me. I slowed down out of courtesy because she started drifting into the street. I reached out my hand and moved her back so she didnt get hit by a bus.
I love singin in the car, it just makes me feel good.
Yeah, I left Idaho at 17. You know, I graduated high school a year early and just, you know, the typical story, packed up my car and moved out.
When Im in the car sometimes its like, Yeah, man, just put on the pop music. You know what I mean? I dont want to listen to Tom Waits.
Ive already established my (political)machinery. Its like a car. Its fixed already. You just have to get in and drive it.
I remember being at Greenblatts on Sunset, and some guy just walked straight up to me, and he had some bling on and whatever, and said something about a party down in Malibu and asked if I would jump in his car and go to the party. All I could think was, Who are you? I dont know you, and I dont care about how good your car is.
Should we have background checks, waiting periods? To drive a car you have to pass a test that shows you know how to drive your car safely, you should have to do the same thing with guns.
Growing up in the Midwest, people dont drive Porsches and Ferraris. They drive Fords and Chevys. And so even if you have the opportunity to buy a more expensive car, it doesnt occur to you because its not what you relate to.
I grew up where my parents would literally shove me in the car rather than have to say hello to a neighbor.
I definitely I prefer to sing in the car. I dont sing in the shower, maybe its because thats the one time I dont need to talk to anyone so I should just shut up, otherwise Im just, you know, jibber jabber.
Whenever I drive under a yellow light, I always kiss my finger and tap it on the roof of the car.
These songs are old friends I have entertained myself with when Im washing the dishes, driving to the store and walking down the aisles. The ones that you sing when youre driving in the car and as a singer you always go back to them.
I have a 6-year-old, and his thing is to turn on Radio Disney in the car, and I get such an allergic reaction to listening to that music and the context into which it falls. Im really working on him about that.
In Paris, one is always reminded of being a foreigner. If you park your car wrong, it is not the fact that its on the sidewalk that matters, but the fact that you speak with an accent.
What Paris has done right is to make it awful to get around by car and awfully easy to get around by public transportation or by bike.
Later, my father died up in Marysville. So, my mother and I got in the car and came down to Hollywood.
You want to try and bring a character to life in an honest a way as you possibly can. It doesnt matter whether hes a doctor, an actor, a car salesman or a captain of a starship. If you can bring truth and honesty to that character, then your audience will believe you.
Thats when it really came together for me that I was in a Bond film, to have my own spy car!
At root fame is a sham. Im not going to live forever and if I am I certainly need dont you to tell me that so that I will buy a car or a box of dried up crackers.
When youre in the car, how well you do is down to you and you alone-no band, no management, no marketing.
I went to watch my father at Silverstone in the early 1950s, and Ive still got the car he was in.
I was brought up in a car family, my dad loved cars and I was taught the art of making an Austin 7 operate.
The GTO is such an important car because its a racing car and a touring car and thats pretty unusual.
In real life, one of my friends was killed in a car accident during our sophomore year.
I wasnt one to go out and buy a new car and stereo system and expensive clothes. My mom helped keep me grounded.
Whats monotonous about being an actor and often makes me want to throw in the towel or drive a car off a bridge is the auditioning - the waiting around.
Im ashamed to say this, but I watched every episode of Starsky and Hutch as a kid. I loved that show, but now I think its stupid - theyd have a car chase for no reason, then Paul Michael Glaser would shoot the car and it would blow up.
Especially in the car ride to and from gym. I find myself spacing out a lot, just visualizing what the Olympics would be like and just having such great role models.
Most womens pictures are as boring and as formulaic as mens pictures. In place of a car chase or a battle scene, what you get is an extreme closeup of a woman breaking down.
Here is a new car, a new iPhone. We buy. We discard. We buy again. In recent years, weve been doing it faster.
After wrestling with myself for six months, I began medical treatment. During that time I started a band with some friends of mine called Jacks Car, but that didnt last.
Everything officers go through in any chase anywhere in the country, but amped up 100 times! Im right in the thick of things in a car going like 80 miles an hour, and doing 360s in the middle of the road. It was a wild ride.
I once bought an old car back after I sold it because I missed it so much and I had forgotten that it never ran. It was a British racing car. You know, because I just wanted it back. I could only remember what was good about it.
You cant show me an ad on TV with hard bodies and say I have to buy that car. You have to tell me why that car is better and safer than another car.
Just because you put higher-octane gasoline in your car doesnt mean you can break the speed limit. The speed limits still 65.
So for a year I spent all my time hiding from Jack Charlton in the car park practising my skills.
So I did in fact spend two and a half years in the Middlesbrough car park practising skills. But if you spend four or five or six hours a day practising, you get better.
My sporting hero was Drazen Petrovic, the NBA basketball player, who was killed in a car accident in 1993. He was a good friend, an unbelievable player, and I dedicated my Wimbledon win to him.
Driving race cars was an avenue for me to learn how to build my own car, and that was my ambition all along.
Ive always been asked, What is my favorite car? and Ive always said The next one.
The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it.
Every job has its downside. For example, being in a band the travel part of it - getting picked up from your house in a car, going to the airport, getting on a plane, going from the airplane to a van, then going from the van to a hotel.
Switching over to a hybrid car is one of those right things, but, unfairly or not, it still has a reputation among car enthusiasts as something you have to pedal really fast when youre on the ramp merging into traffic on the 401.
Al Gore, the former vice-president of the United States, lives in a mansion that uses more electricity than the average familys bungalow! David Suzuki rides on a bus that uses more fuel than a Smart car to get across Canada! Oh my God! And this is just the tip of the vanishing iceberg!
When you buy a gallon of gas, over 60 percent of the energy you pay for goes out the radiator in the form of waste heat? Thats why you have a radiator in your car in the first place.
I have been in Formula One for 12 years, and out of that I had one year with the perfect car.
Racing a thoroughbred grand prix car in front of a home crowd will be a surreal and mighty experience.
The preparation, commitment and desire to win will be no less than the last time I drove a grand prix car in anger.
Its sad that women characters have lost so much ground in popular movies. Didnt Thelma and Louise prove that women want to see women doing things on film? Thelma and Louise were in a classic car they were being chased by cops they shot up a truck - and women loved it.
The very first time I was on a car in Atlanta, I saw the conductor - all conductors are white - ask a Negro woman to get up and take a seat farther back in order to make a place for a white man. I have also seen white men requested to leave the Negro section of the car.
Im a car singer, in fact sometimes I pretend to take my dog out for a walk, and Ill just drive him around and start singin.
My car and my adding machine understand nothing: they are not in that line of business.
I will argue that in the literal sense the programmed computer understands what the car and the adding machine understand, namely, exactly nothing.
I talk to myself, especially in the car.
You look at the steamboat, the railroad, the car, the airplane - not all of these were invented in the Anglo-American world, but they were popularized and extended by it. They were made possible by the financial architecture, the capital intensive operations invented and developed by the Anglo-Americans.
In high school, during marathon phone conversations, cheap pizza dinners and long suburban car rides, I began to fall for boys because of who they actually were, or at least who I thought they might become.
I hate to play the I-live-in-the-country card, but it really takes all of the pack the kids into the car and run from here to there out of the equation.
Yeah, its risky, but no more risky than driving a car.
A car to pick me up every day, a chair with my name on it, everybody being very polite... what can you do except sit back and watch it all, try to take it all in?
Yeah, well I think anyone who likes fast cars will love the Tesla. And it has fantastic handling by the way. I mean this car will crush a Porsche on the track, just crush it. So if you like fast cars, youll love this car. And then oh, by the way, it happens to be electric and its twice the efficiency of a Prius.
I look at the car park and myself and Dave Watson come in with our old cars, and these young lads come in with their new Porches. I think that society has changed, there seems to be a lack of respect nowadays.
There are people who own cars and are getting free cell phones. A car helps one find a job, too. Where do you draw the line?
See, what youre meant to do when you have a mid-life crisis is buy a fast car, arent you? Well, Ive always had fast cars. Its not that. Its the fear that youre past your best. Its the fear that the stuff youve done in the past is your best work.
When they searched my car, they said that they found a gasoline canister and I think duct tape. Who wouldnt have a gasoline canister on them when driving 3,000 miles across country?
The alarm rings 4:45, again at 5, but I wake up 4:30 naturally. Shower, shave, orange juice, perk my own coffee, hear the news, and the CBS car arrives 5:30.
Every time I copy something, I can draw it for the rest of my life. But research is so painful - I mean just opening up a magazine looking for a picture of a car or looking out the window looking for a car is just hard!
I like to sing around the bonfire, in my car and in the shower.
Can you imagine a guy breaking into your car, and he steals your guitar case cause he thinks its a guitar, and he gets it home and opens it up and theres a rake inside it, an electric toilet plunger and a dog skull? That actually happened.
Theres a lot of stress... but once you get in the car, all that goes out the window.
I hate the outdoors. To me the outdoors is where the car is.
Men are superior to women, for one thing they can urinate from a speeding car.
Since September 11, security has been increased everywhere, and we have new IDs to get on to the Fox lot. I drove to the security gate, but realized Id left my ID in my other car. I just broke into that voice - Hey, man, Im Bart Simpson. Who else sounds like this? The guard waved me through.
Unfortunately we dont have all the bits and pieces on the car that we had hoped to have by this stage so weve got to make as good a job as we can with what we have and we feel we are doing well with that at the moment.
But now I feel off the grid. I feel that I am not part of the culture. And because I dont have a car I dont really go anywhere to buy things. In fact, I have been in a slow process of selling and giving away everything I own.
Ive got a great team of engineers behind this race car. Ive got a great bunch of mechanics that make it reliable. This car is developed to go out there and be better than the Reynard, and I feel that it is.
I did 10 years of comedies and 10 years of Westerns. I really like to stay away from car chases. I prefer the more intimate film. You have a much more direct association with the emotions.
Were one of the forces that causes actors to fasten seat belts before they take off chasing the bad guy in the car... or removes some of the cigarette smoking on television.
I promise you a police car on every sidewalk.
The car is a character in the piece - Ive never liked the car, I submitted to its objectionable popularity.
I cant find my car keys in the morning. Trying to get out of my house is a nightmare. Wheres my wallet? Where are my keys? I have to go find a missing person.
I get bored. We seem to have been having a little bit more time off this winter than last winter. Im always itching to get back in the car. Its going to get harder, so Ive got to make sure that Im doing everything I possibly can do to make sure I can start next season how I ended this season.
Then as everything, like I say, things started to come together, when things started to go our way, thats when you results started to come. I was no different driver. I was certainly learning every time I went in the car.
I dont drive around London much. Any journey around Islington involves hundreds of speed bumps that seem to tear the bottom of your car off.
Being an actress is similar to trying to fit in with the popular kids in high school. Youre expected to drive the right car, wear the right clothes and say the right things.
Theres an unseen force which lets birds know when youve just washed your car.
I think well be in pretty good shape. Weve got the same car we ran in all the speedway races since 2001, and its been a real good car for us. Its led every race weve been in.
A guy came to the shop every day. A lot of guys put the foam like stuff that forms to you, kinda like the Indy car guys run. He fitted it up and it felt real good, so were going to try to run it.
Luck, like a Russian car, generally only works if you push it.
When Im in the car and somebody comes on the radio singing the high notes, I try to sing along.
Competition among insurers would bring down the cost of health care insurance, just as it brings down the cost of car or homeowners insurance.
So the first thing that I thought about was, How is this car going to handle? But then after Id been driving with it and practicing with it and I accomplished that, then I just kind of sat back.
We dont have any CGI with any of the car stuff. I think its a real experience when you see this car going through really fast really wild and you see me driving a lot of the times and also a big chase in downtown Atlanta. Its just incredible.
Ive still got that little freedom part of me that wants to have a car that looks really sexy.
I havent got a car or a house. Ive got a wife, but I didnt pay for her! I spend all my money on my glorious wife. Shes here with a knife at my throat!
I had some vague memory of visiting Canberra as a lad, when we came up with my father by car. But when I made the long train journey from Sydney to Canberra and arrived at the little stop, I did wonder slightly whether this really was the national capital.
Normally in dangerous situations I have a getaway car.
Doorman - a genius who can open the door of your car with one hand, help you in with the other, and still have one left for the tip.
We also listen to PJ Harvey a lot of driving music. You need something a little more relaxing in the car.
I never had the high-paying job or the company car. It took me over a decade to pay off my student loans. I never had to worry about where to dock my yacht to reduce my taxes.
Im not good at normal things. I cant drive a car. I couldnt read till I was 10.
Its like, once youve seen Tom Hanks win the Golden Globes, the Oscars, youve seen his wife, what kind of car he drives, when you watch his movies, you cant fully get really lost in them.
When I was a kid, the only way I saw movies was from the back seat of my familys car at the drive-in.
The trick at Le Mans is to get the car in the window. Everything is critical: the tyre pressure, the brake temperature, and that means you have to push the car a lot to get it into the window - its about getting everything to work right and getting the car to flow through the corners.
I like to sing in the car with the windows rolled down and hair blowing all over my face.
Its funny Im in some ways hopelessly masculine, but I dont fish, I dont hunt, Im not that into sports. I cant fix a car. I think its my point of view and the way I see the world.
Yes, my grandfather worked with Thomas Edison on the electric car, and he sold electric cars at the 1900 Worlds Fair in Paris.
On one level, nothings really changed in my life. I still drive my daughter in the car pool on Monday. But its impossible not to be aware of this rush of attention its impossible not to be seduced by it once youve entered into it, seduced by being unhappy when the attention wanes.
He leaned about the same way in falling towards Jacqueline, forward, down towards the bottom of the car.
Yes, sir, a patrol car came and took me down to a station where they were trying to develop films, but they hadnt got the facilities to develop colored film.
But once you have satisfied your material needs, which I think every wealth creator should - the house, the car, the plane, the boat - what comes next?
I want a car that will last 10 years or longer because I totally hate the process of researching, shopping for a new car, and then haggling for the price. I wish I could just snap my fingers and my car is there.
I worked for this company that repossessed cars. Sure enough, the day after I quit, they repossessed my car, but that would probably be my strangest job to date. You have to work your way up to become a hardcore repo man.
I sing both in my shower and in my car, mostly in my car, because I have this weird thing - whenever Im singing to the radio - my friends kind of hate it - but I pick out the harmonies in my head, and Im singing the harmonies to the tracks and Im jamming it out.
I remember when I started off, my first car was a Kia Spectra. With a spoiler kit and some rims.
Driving with one foot on the accelerator and the other on the brake is likely to get you nowhere, but certainly will burn out vital parts of your car. Similarly, cutting taxes on the middle class, but increasing them on the rich is likely to result in an economic burnout.
I can change a tire, but I couldnt change a fuse on the computer panel on my car.
I enjoy trying to develop a car and Mercedes are one of the biggest car manufacturers in the world.
I will stay in the car until the last minute that Im going to jump out and do a standup or jump out and do some interviews.
When women break that taboo and theyre not afraid to drive that car by herself - thats it. Now she has the guts to speak up for herself and take action.
For an actor, youre rejected eight or ten times a day. All youve got to sell is yourself. Youre not selling products, theyre not turning down a car, theyre turning you down. Most people cant handle that. Most people are essentially not set up that way.
Guys want a 500 horsepower car. Id rather have one horsepower - in a horse. Thats macho. You go to pick up your date and you show up on a horse.
In life, you need a house and a car. After that, you have a choice.
A man sits in his car at the traffic lights, waiting for them to go green.
Discount air fares, a car in every parking space and the interstate highway system have made every place accessible - and every place alike.
At the end of the day, my natural habitat is in a car and I am happiest in that environment.
I think its particularly a distinctively American concept that resonates with American culture through biker culture. A motorcycle is an independent thing. Youre like, I dont want to ride in a car with this person. I want to be independent and ride by myself. But, lets ride in a group. Lets be independent, together.
Get in the race car do what I do then go home. We dont have freedom to do anything anymore.
I compare it to being in a car accident. Theres so much adrenaline rushing through you that you remember being in the accident but you dont remember any of the details.
I assure you that the training that you get in a midget, in a sprint car and perhaps in a Silver Crown car is really the kind of experience that makes you into a damn good race driver.
Its a massive motor in a tiny, lightweight car.
Those youngsters go out there and set a record and clinch the pole position. But what do you do if you wreck your car. That record doesnt spend too well.
I remember things that happened sixty years ago, but if you ask me where I left my car keys five minutes ago, thats sometimes a problem.
Im not a bad driver. And I never will be because I took lessons when I was quite a boy. I never had to pass a test because there wasnt such a thing when I first started driving a motor car. So I didnt have to pass one.
In the back of your mind, when you say you want to write music for the movies, youre saying that you want a big house, a big car and a boat. If you just wanted to write music, you could live in Kansas and do it.
A private railroad car is not an acquired taste. One takes to it immediately.
Since my induction into the Sports Hall of Fame, I have wanted to have my No. 3 Chevy on exhibit for sports fans to see. I hope others will enjoy the car as much as I have.
The car business is a lot like football. In football, you have to win once a week. In the car business, you have to win every day.
I am an artist. The track is my canvas, and the car is my brush.
Hes computerized, but I wont let him come on cold. I created KITT. I understand the personality of the car.
If you dont drink, smoke, or drive a car, youre a tax evader.
I wanted to end my life so bad and was in my car ready to go down that ramp into the water, and I did go part way, but I stopped. I went again and stopped. I then got out of the car and stood by the car a nervous wreck.
If you dont like something, change it. If you cant change it, change your attitude.
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom. A man cant ride you unless your back is bent.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today? And whenever the answer has been No for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.
It may be hard for an egg to turn into a bird: it would be a jolly sight harder for it to learn to fly while remaining an egg. We are like eggs at present. And you cannot go on indefinitely being just an ordinary, decent egg. We must be hatched or go bad.
All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves we must die to one life before we can enter another.
Im not going to change the way I look or the way I feel to conform to anything. Ive always been a freak. So Ive been a freak all my life and I have to live with that, you know. Im one of those people.
All great change in America begins at the dinner table.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves.
Never believe that a few caring people cant change the world. For, indeed, thats all who ever have.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
A fanatic is one who cant change his mind and wont change the subject.
To improve is to change to be perfect is to change often.
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living. Out of our over-confidence, fear out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope. And out of hope, progress.
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.
If we dont change, we dont grow. If we dont grow, we arent really living.
A small group of thoughtful people could change the world. Indeed, its the only thing that ever has.
If there is anything that we wish to change in the child, we should first examine it and see whether it is not something that could better be changed in ourselves.
Things do not change we change.
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
Progress is a nice word. But change is its motivator. And change has its enemies.
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
Dont change on me. Dont extort me unless you intend to do it forever.
Change in all things is sweet.
Money and success dont change people they merely amplify what is already there.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
I cant really change my life to accommodate people who are jealous. I dont see why I should.
All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward.
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.
For changes to be of any true value, theyve got to be lasting and consistent.
We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses.
Its the most unhappy people who most fear change.
He who rejects change is the architect of decay. The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.
Change brings opportunity.
Very often a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.
If youre in a bad situation, dont worry itll change. If youre in a good situation, dont worry itll change.
We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance.
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.
There is nothing permanent except change.
If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure. But unfortunately, although it is true, it is difficult for us to accept it. Because we cannot accept the truth of transience, we suffer.
Most people already know what theyre doing wrong. When I get them to church I want to tell them that you can change.
Change before you have to.
Change means that what was before wasnt perfect. People want things to be better.
Change will never happen when people lack the ability and courage to see themselves for who they are.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Natures delight.
One must change ones tactics every ten years if one wishes to maintain ones superiority.
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.
I cannot say whether things will get better if we change what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.
Not only is womens work never done, the definition keeps changing.
One change always leaves the way open for the establishment of others.
He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils for time is the greatest innovator.
Lord, where we are wrong, make us willing to change where we are right, make us easy to live with.
Our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time what we really want is for things to remain the same but get better.
True life is lived when tiny changes occur.
Change, like sunshine, can be a friend or a foe, a blessing or a curse, a dawn or a dusk.
Relentless, repetitive self talk is what changes our self-image.
Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes.
When it becomes more difficult to suffer than to change... you will change.
There are two kinds of fools: those who cant change their opinions and those who wont.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance.
Change is inevitable. Change is constant.
All I want to do is change the world.
Change is the only constant. Hanging on is the only sin.
Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly.
Future shock is the shattering stress and disorientation that we induce in individuals by subjecting them to too much change in too short a time.
In a progressive country change is constant change is inevitable.
Youre only as young as the last time you changed your mind.
In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy.
Opinions are made to be changed - or how is truth to be got at?
If you want to change attitudes, start with a change in behavior.
The foolish and the dead alone never change their opinions.
Anyone who thinks theres safety in numbers hasnt looked at the stock market pages.
We live in a moment of history where change is so speeded up that we begin to see the present only when it is already disappearing.
Christians are supposed not merely to endure change, nor even to profit by it, but to cause it.
Change alone is unchanging.
To change what you get you must change who you are.
Just because everything is different doesnt mean anything has changed.
When you are through changing, you are through.
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.
Since we cannot change reality, let us change the eyes which see reality.
The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.
All things must change to something new, to something strange.
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change.
The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.
The thing that lies at the foundation of positive change, the way I see it, is service to a fellow human being.
Change is inevitable. Change for the better is a full-time job.
When you jump for joy, beware that no one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
People change and forget to tell each other.
True change takes place in the imagination.
To change a habit, make a conscious decision, then act out the new behavior.
I dont know if you can change things, but its a drop in the ocean.
If you want to change the culture, you will have to start by changing the organization.
Change is such hard work.
What we call progress is the exchange of one nuisance for another nuisance.
If you feel like its difficult to change, you will probably have a harder time succeeding.
The more things change, the more they are the same.
The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything... or nothing.
Change is not only likely, its inevitable.
Could we change our attitude, we should not only see life differently, but life itself would come to be different.
Change occurs in direct proportion to dissatisfaction, but dissatisfaction never changes.
We emphasize that we believe in change because we were born of it, we have lived by it, we prospered and grew great by it. So the status quo has never been our god, and we ask no one else to bow down before it.
The world changes in direct proportion to the number of people willing to be honest about their lives.
If you can change three lives in 10, three lives in a hundred, thats got to be good, hasnt it?
Perfection is immutable. But for things imperfect, change is the way to perfect them.
As with anything creative, change is inevitable.
I try to contrast life today is full of contrast... We have to change.
Everything in life that we really accept undergoes a change.
I shall not change my course because those who assume to be better than I desire it.
Weep not that the world changes - did it keep a stable, changeless state, it were cause indeed to weep.
People want change but not too much change. Finding that balance is tricky for every politician.
Our fathers valued change for the sake of its results we value it in the act.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
If the facts dont fit the theory, change the facts.
Change your life today. Dont gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
I cant change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
The pessimist complains about the wind the optimist expects it to change the realist adjusts the sails.
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world indeed, its the only thing that ever has.
I dont need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod my shadow does that much better.
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent that survives. It is the one that is the most adaptable to change.
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. Its never your fault. But its always your fault, because if you wanted to change youre the one who has got to change.
You change your life by changing your heart.
There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.
The Chinese government wants me to say that for many centuries Tibet has been part of China. Even if I make that statement, many people would just laugh. And my statement will not change past history. History is history.
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve.
You can change your world by changing your words... Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue.
It behooves every man who values liberty of conscience for himself, to resist invasions of it in the case of others: or their case may, by change of circumstances, become his own.
Chinese people themselves, they really want change.
I am invariably late for appointments - sometimes as much as two hours. Ive tried to change my ways but the things that make me late are too strong, and too pleasing.
For time and the world do not stand still. Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or the present are certain to miss the future.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. That is something you have charge of.
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven dont want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Lifes change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.
Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... its your responsibility to love it, or change it.
If you dont like how things are, change it! Youre not a tree.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
The need for change bulldozed a road down the center of my mind.
I believe that you control your destiny, that you can be what you want to be. You can also stop and say, No, I wont do it, I wont behave his way anymore. Im lonely and I need people around me, maybe I have to change my methods of behaving, and then you do it.
The spirit of democracy is not a mechanical thing to be adjusted by abolition of forms. It requires change of heart.
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.
Usually when people are sad, they dont do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
You cant move so fast that you try to change the mores faster than people can accept it. That doesnt mean you do nothing, but it means that you do the things that need to be done according to priority.
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.
No change of circumstances can repair a defect of character.
Forgiving does not erase the bitter past. A healed memory is not a deleted memory. Instead, forgiving what we cannot forget creates a new way to remember. We change the memory of our past into a hope for our future.
Are creeds such simple things like the clothes which a man can change at will and put on at will? Creeds are such for which people live for ages and ages.
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
I hope everyone that is reading this is having a really good day. And if you are not, just know that in every new minute that passes you have an opportunity to change that.
For having lived long, I have experienced many instances of being obliged, by better information or fuller consideration, to change opinions, even on important subjects, which I once thought right but found to be otherwise.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
Character isnt something you were born with and cant change, like your fingerprints. Its something you werent born with and must take responsibility for forming.
Wars of nations are fought to change maps. But wars of poverty are fought to map change.
Its time to fundamentally change the way that we do business in Washington. To help build a new foundation for the 21st century, we need to reform our government so that it is more efficient, more transparent, and more creative. That will demand new thinking and a new sense of responsibility for every dollar that is spent.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
The faults of a superior person are like the sun and moon. They have their faults, and everyone sees them they change and everyone looks up to them.
Every human has four endowments- self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change.
But if nothing but soul, or in soul mind, is qualified to count, it is impossible for there to be time unless there is soul, but only that of which time is an attribute, i.e. if change can exist without soul.
We cannot change our past. We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way. We can not change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude.
People can try to reinvent themselves. I dont think you can really change who you are, though, because who you are is pretty much where you came from and what youve done up to now.
I dont think the human mind can comprehend the past and the future. They are both just illusions that can manipulate you into thinking theres some kind of change.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life and the procedure , the process is its own reward.
A man has a tendency to accept you the way you are, while most women immediately start to pick flaws and want to change you.
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
In times of change learners inherit the earth while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.
Education doesnt change life much. It just lifts trouble to a higher plane of regard.
Few will have the greatness to bend history itself but each of us can work to change a small portion of events, and in the total of all those acts will be written the history of this generation.
In order to change the world, you have to get your head together first.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors.
What I learned in jail is that I cant change. I cant live a different lifestyle-this is it. This is the life that they gave and this is the life that I made.
Music can change the world because it can change people.
Most women set out to try to change a man, and when they have changed him they do not like him.
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
The world we see that seems so insane is the result of a belief system that is not working. To perceive the world differently, we must be willing to change our belief system, let the past slip away, expand our sense of now, and dissolve the fear in our minds.
The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then I can change.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
Things dont have to change the world to be important.
We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten. Dont let yourself be lulled into inaction.
Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands.
Change is the end result of all true learning.
People always fear change. People feared electricity when it was invented, didnt they? People feared coal, they feared gas-powered engines... There will always be ignorance, and ignorance leads to fear. But with time, people will come to accept their silicon masters.
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing whats going to happen next.
One of my favorite philosophical tenets is that people will agree with you only if they already agree with you. You do not change peoples minds.
There is the good and the bad, the great and the low, the just and the unjust. I swear to you that all that will never change.
Change your opinions, keep to your principles change your leaves, keep intact your roots.
The joy of life consists in the exercise of ones energies, continual growth, constant change, the enjoyment of every new experience. To stop means simply to die. The eternal mistake of mankind is to set up an attainable ideal.
I never blame myself when Im not hitting. I just blame the bat and if it keeps up, I change bats. After all, if I know it isnt my fault that Im not hitting, how can I get mad at myself?
In my early professional years I was asking the question: How can I treat, or cure, or change this person? Now I would phrase the question in this way: How can I provide a relationship which this person may use for his own personal growth?
Complainers change their complaints, but they never reduce the amount of time spent in complaining.
If you believe that feeling bad or worrying long enough will change a past or future event, then you are residing on another planet with a different reality system.
Excess generally causes reaction, and produces a change in the opposite direction, whether it be in the seasons, or in individuals, or in governments.
When you blame others, you give up your power to change.
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.
Ask yourself: Have you been kind today? Make kindness your daily modus operandi and change your world.
There is nothing so stable as change.
I change during the course of a day. I wake and Im one person, and when I go to sleep I know for certain Im somebody else.
To change ones life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly.
Jealousy is bred in doubts. When those doubts change into certainties, then the passion either ceases or turns absolute madness.
I usually make up my mind about a man in ten seconds, and I very rarely change it.
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.
No one is in control of your happiness but you therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.
Change yourself and your work will seem different.
Be content with what you are, and wish not change nor dread your last day, nor long for it.
Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world.
Let me be absolutely clear. Israel is a strong friend of Israels. It will be a strong friend of Israels under a McCain administration. It will be a strong friend of Israels under an Obama administration. So that policy is not going to change.
I dont care whether youre driving a hybrid or an SUV. If youre headed for a cliff, you have to change direction. Thats what the American people called for in November, and thats what we intend to deliver.
For the first time in my adult lifetime, I am really proud of my country. And not just because Barack has done well, but because I think people are hungry for change. And I have been desperate to see our country moving in that direction.
I read and walked for miles at night along the beach, writing bad blank verse and searching endlessly for someone wonderful who would step out of the darkness and change my life. It never crossed my mind that that person could be me.
The whole course of human history may depend on a change of heart in one solitary and even humble individual - for it is in the solitary mind and soul of the individual that the battle between good and evil is waged and ultimately won or lost.
If a person doesnt change, theres something really wrong with him.
If any man claims the Negro should be content... let him say he would willingly change the color of his skin and go to live in the Negro section of a large city. Then and only then has he a right to such a claim.
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Man seeks to change the foods available in nature to suit his tastes, thereby putting an end to the very essence of life contained in them.
Now were in the midst of not just advocating for change, not just calling for change - were doing the grinding, sometimes frustrating work of delivering change - inch by inch, day by day.
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape.
Artists to my mind are the real architects of change, and not the political legislators who implement change after the fact.
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.
Of course, there is no question that Libya - and the world - will be better off with Gaddafi out of power. I, along with many other world leaders, have embraced that goal, and will actively pursue it through non-military means. But broadening our military mission to include regime change would be a mistake.
Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe loves nothing so much as to change the things which are, and to make new things like them.
The universe is change our life is what our thoughts make it.
This is a fantastic time to be entering the business world, because business is going to change more in the next 10 years than it has in the last 50.
We can have no progress without change, whether it be basketball or anything else.
God, give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, courage to change the things which should be changed and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.
In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.
Science arose from poetry... when times change the two can meet again on a higher level as friends.
Every great and deep difficulty bears in itself its own solution. It forces us to change our thinking in order to find it.
Dont knock the weather nine-tenths of the people couldnt start a conversation if it didnt change once in a while.
I was willing to accept what I couldnt change.
If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character, would you slow down? Or speed up?
It is often when night looks darkest, it is often before the fever breaks that one senses the gathering momentum for change, when one feels that resurrection of hope in the midst of despair and apathy.
There is no progress whatever. Everything is just the same as it was thousands, and tens of thousands, of years ago. The outward form changes. The essence does not change.
Miracles happen everyday, change your perception of what a miracle is and youll see them all around you.
This is the America that I love. This is a great people. We can do anything. We can achieve anything. Weve got a government that has gotten in the way of the American people. Were going to change that in November.
Constitutions should consist only of general provisions the reason is that they must necessarily be permanent, and that they cannot calculate for the possible change of things.
Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks.
I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself.
Climate change is a terrible problem, and it absolutely needs to be solved. It deserves to be a huge priority.
Always Do Your Best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.
The simplest questions are the most profound. Where were you born? Where is your home? Where are you going? What are you doing? Think about these once in a while and watch your answers change.
Early in life I had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility. I chose the former and have seen no reason to change.
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons. Neither the offender nor the offended are any more themselves.
Favor comes because for a brief moment in the great space of human change and progress some general human purpose finds in him a satisfactory embodiment.
If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.
Only God who made us can touch us and change us and save us from ourselves.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
The challenges of change are always hard. It is important that we begin to unpack those challenges that confront this nation and realize that we each have a role that requires us to change and become more responsible for shaping our own future.
Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And well change the world.
Try to realize its all within yourself no one else can make you change, and to see youre only very small and life flows on within you and without you.
I think its naive to pray for world peace if were not going to change the form in which we live.
Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesnt exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.
It is absolutely impossible to transcend the laws of nature. What can change in historically different circumstances is only the form in which these laws expose themselves.
No one can persuade another to change. Each of us guards a gate of change that can only be opened from the inside. We cannot open the gate of another, either by argument or emotional appeal.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
Countries such as the U.S. and Britain have taken it upon themselves to decide for us in the developing world, even to interfere in our domestic affairs and to bring about what they call regime change.
People are always looking for the single magic bullet that will totally change everything. There is no single magic bullet.
Each child is an adventure into a better life - an opportunity to change the old pattern and make it new.
It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
Why does a woman work ten years to change a mans habits and then complain that hes not the man she married?
We are not victims of aging, sickness and death. These are part of scenery, not the seer, who is immune to any form of change. This seer is the spirit, the expression of eternal being.
A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves.
We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature.
Revolution, n. In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
In too many instances, the march to globalization has also meant the marginalization of women and girls. And that must change.
Often times when you face such an overwhelming challenge as global climate change, it can be somewhat daunting - its kind of like trying to lose weight, which I know something about.
Im one of those people who thinks that changing ones hair is the only part of the body that you can change at will.
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a persons day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.
Dynamism is a function of change.
On some campuses, change is effected through nonviolent or even violent means.
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world.
I am an optimist because I want to change things for the better and I know that blood has to be spilled and disharmony and cruelty are necessary to do that.
Its good for everyone to understand that they are to love their enemies, simply because your enemies show you things about yourself you need to change. So in actuality enemies are friends in reverse.
All conservatism is based upon the idea that if you leave things alone you leave them as they are. But you do not. If you leave a thing alone you leave it to a torrent of change.
Company cultures are like country cultures. Never try to change one. Try, instead, to work with what youve got.
Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do.
I dont believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear.
Isnt life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?
Forget about the consequences of failure. Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
Man needs, for his happiness, not only the enjoyment of this or that, but hope and enterprise and change.
As a rock star, I have two instincts, I want to have fun, and I want to change the world. I have a chance to do both.
It is evident that skepticism, while it makes no actual change in man, always makes him feel better.
If we go on the way we have, the fault is our greed and if we are not willing to change, we will disappear from the face of the globe, to be replaced by the insect.
The self-image is the key to human personality and human behavior. Change the self image and you change the personality and the behavior.
You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good life. Let me ask you to think of an alternative. Think of it as your ticket to change the world.
I dont know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.
A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune.
The only difference between me and others is that they think they can change something with cute little poems, nice cards or embracing trees and being nice to little lapdogs.
Since change is constant, you wonder if people crave death because its the only way they can get anything really finished.
Goals allow you to control the direction of change in your favor.
If you want to know the taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating it yourself. If you want to know the theory and methods of revolution, you must take part in revolution. All genuine knowledge originates in direct experience.
I think women should start to embrace their age. Whats the alternative to getting older? You die. I cant change the day I was born. But I can take care of my skin, my body, my mind, and try to live my life and be happy.
A State without the means of some change is without the means of its conservation.
Those issues are biblical issues: to care for the sick, to feed the hungry, to stand up for the oppressed. I contend that if the evangelical community became more biblical, everything would change.
Happy he who learns to bear what he cannot change.
If you dont change your beliefs, your life will be like this forever. Is that good news?
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
That last day does not bring extinction to us, but change of place.
It becomes more necessary to see the truth as it is if you realize that the only vehicle for change are these people who have lost their personality.
Taste may change, but inclination never.
Heat of blood makes young people change their inclinations often, and habit makes old ones keep to theirs a great while.
Characters do not change. Opinions alter, but characters are only developed.
We say keep your change, well keep our God, our guns, our constitution.
If you want to be certain, you should never get married. You should never change jobs. In fact, you might as well just stay home. Because I dont know anybody who is certain. That need to be certain is just procrastination.
Men do change, and change comes like a little wind that ruffles the curtains at dawn, and it comes like the stealthy perfume of wildflowers hidden in the grass.
The great secret that all old people share is that you really havent changed in seventy or eighty years. Your body changes, but you dont change at all. And that, of course, causes great confusion.
A sense of blessedness comes from a change of heart, not from more blessings.
That sort of half sigh, which, accompanied by two or three slight nods of the head, is pitys small change in general society.
The future is not Big Government. Self-serving politicians. Powerful bureaucrats. This has been tried, tested throughout history. The result has always been disaster. President Obama, your agenda is not new. Its not change, and its not hope.
Integrity is not a conditional word. It doesnt blow in the wind or change with the weather. It is your inner image of yourself, and if you look in there and see a man who wont cheat, then you know he never will.
My play Safe Sex was picked apart because critics thought it was untrue. It was a play in which no one had AIDS, but the characters talked about how it was going to change their lives.
Civilization exists by geological consent, subject to change without notice.
What looks absolutely fabulous in rehearsal can fall flat in front of an audience. The audience dictates what you do or dont change.
All the principles of heaven and earth are living inside you. Life itself is truth, and this will never change. Everything in heaven and earth breathes. Breath is the thread that ties creation together.
A conception not reducible to the small change of daily experience is like a currency not exchangeable for articles of consumption it is not a symbol, but a fraud.
The Roman Catholic Church isnt going to change its theologies.
People can cry much easier than they can change.
Both tears and sweat are salty, but they render a different result. Tears will get you sympathy sweat will get you change.
I can be almost terminally grief-stricken because things are so dire, but at the same time, theres a real lightheartedness about just the recoverability of life, of how things change, how theyre not the same, ever again.
No art can be noble which is incapable of expressing thought, and no art is capable of expressing thought which does not change.
Theres no reason to change what you are, but if youre not being you, then you need to acknowledge that.
Excuses change nothing, but make everyone feel better.
Any change is resisted because bureaucrats have a vested interest in the chaos in which they exist.
Know whats weird? Day by day, nothing seems to change. But pretty soon, everythings different.
Growing up going to Christian school and the concept that youre born a sinner and you dont really have a choice to change who you are has been hammered into my head and created the entire reason why I made art and made a band and made records called Antichrist Superstar.
In the long term we can hope that religion will change the nature of man and reduce conflict. But history is not encouraging in this respect. The bloodiest wars in history have been religious wars.
To live is to change, and to be perfect is to have changed often.
In Britain, like most of the developed world, stem-cell research is regarded as a great opportunity. America will be left behind if it doesnt change policy.
I havent got the slightest idea how to change people, but still I keep a long list of prospective candidates just in case I should ever figure it out.
As life runs on, the road grows strange with faces new - and near the end. The milestones into headstones change, Neath every one a friend.
One of the many things nobody ever tells you about middle age is that its such a nice change from being young.
Satire doesnt effect change.
There are plenty of problems in the world, and doubtless climate change - or whatever the currently voguish phrase for it all is - certainly is one of them. But its low on my list.
All change is bad. But sometimes it has to be done.
Such is the state of life, that none are happy but by the anticipation of change: the change itself is nothing when we have made it, the next wish is to change again.
I was married to someone who wanted me to change. Become more adult, more responsible. I began not to like myself, not like what I do. I lost my identity. Everything began collapsing around me.
Exploiting peoples emotions of fear, envy and anxiety is not hope, its not change, its partisanship. We dont need partisanship. We dont need demagoguery, we need solutions.
Millions of young Americans have graduated from college during the Obama presidency, ready to use their gifts and get moving in life. Half of them cant find the work they studied for, or any work at all. So heres the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas.
The way of the Creative works through change and transformation, so that each thing receives its true nature and destiny and comes into permanent accord with the Great Harmony: this is what furthers and what perseveres.
I still believe that if your aim is to change the world, journalism is a more immediate short-term weapon.
As another has well said, to handicap a student by teaching him that his black face is a curse and that his struggle to change his condition is hopeless is the worst sort of lynching.
The hope and change the Democrats had in mind was nothing more than a retread of the failed and discredited socialist policies that have been the enemy of freedom for centuries all over the world. I fear America is teetering towards tyranny.
As you navigate through the rest of your life, be open to collaboration. Other people and other peoples ideas are often better than your own. Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you, spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.
Change is certain. Peace is followed by disturbances departure of evil men by their return. Such recurrences should not constitute occasions for sadness but realities for awareness, so that one may be happy in the interim.
As human beings, we are vulnerable to confusing the unprecedented with the improbable. In our everyday experience, if something has never happened before, we are generally safe in assuming it is not going to happen in the future, but the exceptions can kill you and climate change is one of those exceptions.
We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends.
We teach people that they upset themselves. We cant change the past, so we change how people are thinking, feeling and behaving today.
Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while.
Words do not change their meanings so drastically in the course of centuries as, in our minds, names do in the course of a year or two.
Some people change when they think theyre a star or something.
To me, eyewear goes way beyond being a prescription. Its like makeup. Its the most incredible accessory. The shape of a frame or the color of lenses can change your whole appearance.
I want to change things for the better, just like everybody else.
Do not let circumstances control you. You change your circumstances.
My greatest challenge has been to change the mindset of people. Mindsets play strange tricks on us. We see things the way our minds have instructed our eyes to see.
Negroes - Sweet and docile, Meek, humble, and kind: Beware the day - They change their mind.
Change of weather is the discourse of fools.
Ah! how annoying that the law doesnt allow a woman to change husbands just as one does shirts.
You know, I dont really do that much looking inside me when Im working on a project. Whatever I am becomes what that film is. But I change you change.
The thing that lies at the foundation of positive change, the way I see it, is service to a fellow human being.
You dont have to be the Dalai Lama to tell people that lifes about change.
I am not trying to change the world. I am just offering my gift that God gave me, and if somebody is moved by it, thats beautiful.
People are starting to go on about my weight but Im not going to change my size because they dont like the way I look.
But I think talent as a writer is hard-wired in, its all there, at least the basic elements of it. You cant change it any more than you can choose whether to be right handed or left handed.
There are many things we do not want about the world. Let us not just mourn them. Let us change them.
My notion of a wife at 40 is that a man should be able to change her, like a bank note, for two 20s.
No change in musical style will survive unless it is accompanied by a change in clothing style. Rock is to dress up to.
People got insights into what was bothering them, but they hardly did a damn thing to change.
Change happens by listening and then starting a dialogue with the people who are doing something you dont believe is right.
You can change friends but not neighbours.
We like to think about how smart we are. But I think talent as a writer is hard-wired in, its all there, at least the basic elements of it. You cant change it any more than you can choose whether to be right handed or left handed.
Ethics and equity and the principles of justice do not change with the calendar.
Swearing is industry language. For as long as were alive its not going to change. Youve got to be boisterous to get results.
If people dont like me for whatever I do, for being me, then thats too bad. I dont want to change to be something that Im not for other people to like me.
Strong characters are brought out by change of situation, and gentle ones by permanence.
In America the schools have become too permissive, the kids now are controlling the schools, the tail is wagging the dog. Weve got to make a change there and get it back to where the teachers have control of the classrooms.
Hip-hop is supposed to uplift and create, to educate people on a larger level and to make a change.
In a free society, government reflects the soul of its people. If people want change at the top, they will have to live in different ways. Our major social problems are not the cause of our decadence. They are a reflection of it.
We used to think that revolutions are the cause of change. Actually it is the other way around: change prepares the ground for revolution.
Folks, the most insidious part of this whole health care scheme is that all of these vast medical expenditures will become nothing more than government budget items. We individuals will no longer exist. The relationship between a government and citizen will change forever.
We have domesticated Gods transcendence. We often learn about God at about the same time as we are learning about Santa Claus but our ideas about Santa Claus change, mature and become more nuanced, whereas our ideas of God can remain at a rather infantile level.
We should learn to accept that change is truly the only thing thats going on always, and learn to ride with it and enjoy it.
We first fought... in the name of religion, then Communism, and now in the name of drugs and terrorism. Our excuses for global domination always change.
Opinions alter, manners change, creeds rise and fall, but the moral laws are written on the table of eternity.
I have always thought that change you can see and feel is best.
I dont think people change. I think they definitely mature. But I think the essence of what I am today is the same as when I was five years old. Its just maturity. Ive become a healthier, fuller expression of that essence.
What starts the process, really, are laughs and slights and snubs when you are a kid. If your anger is deep enough and strong enough, you learn that you can change those attitudes by excellence, personal gut performance.
Well I do think, when there are more women, that the tone of the conversation changes, and also the goals of the conversation change. But it doesnt mean that the whole world would be a lot better if it were totally run by women. If you think that, youve forgotten high school.
While the river of life glides along smoothly, it remains the same river only the landscape on either bank seems to change.
Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others.
Ignorance is always afraid of change.
Im a Gemini, so I change my mind every day.
I have always argued that change becomes stressful and overwhelming only when youve lost any sense of the constancy of your life. You need firm ground to stand on. From there, you can deal with that change.
Work and struggle and never accept an evil that you can change.
Men may change their climate, but they cannot change their nature. A man that goes out a fool cannot ride or sail himself into common sense.
Americans have so far put up with inequality because they felt they could change their status. They didnt mind others being rich, as long as they had a path to move up as well. The American Dream is all about social mobility in a sense - the idea that anyone can make it.
Change means movement. Movement means friction. Only in the frictionless vacuum of a nonexistent abstract world can movement or change occur without that abrasive friction of conflict.
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory.
The most useless are those who never change through the years.
Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant.
Those who visit foreign nations, but associate only with their own country-men, change their climate, but not their customs. They see new meridians, but the same men and with heads as empty as their pockets, return home with traveled bodies, but untravelled minds.
It is proof of a base and low mind for one to wish to think with the masses or majority, merely because the majority is the majority. Truth does not change because it is, or is not, believed by a majority of the people.
Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change.
Habits change into character.
Every daring attempt to make a great change in existing conditions, every lofty vision of new possibilities for the human race, has been labeled Utopian.
Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges.
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change.
I dont believe that if I came out as bisexual the world will change. But its really important for people to be truthful about who they are and fight for equality. We need to help the world usher itself into the next phase.
Its time to get real, folks. Hope and change aint working. Hope and change is not a solution. Hope and change is not a job.
As a kid I had buck teeth and braces and acne. I hated what I saw. Im still not comfortable, but thats why I change and adapt the way I look.
Movies always are open to being remade because times change so much, and the tempo of movies changes. I think of it like a James Bond. They can have different actors play the same role... Ive had people come up to me and say, We want to remake The Jerk with so and so. And I say, Fine. It just doesnt bother me. Its an honor actually.
There is no such thing as liberty. You only change one sort of domination for another. All we can do is to choose our master.
Change is not merely necessary to life - it is life.
The range of what we think and do is limited by what we fail to notice. And because we fail to notice that we fail to notice, there is little we can do to change until we notice how failing to notice shapes our thoughts and deeds.
I know that my race must change.
Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.
There are things I cant force. I must adjust. There are times when the greatest change needed is a change of my viewpoint.
I was born not knowing and have had only a little time to change that here and there.
Its impossible, I think, however much Id become disillusioned politically or evolve into a post-political person, I dont think Id ever change my view that socialism is the best political moment humans have ever come up with.
When you are young and healthy, it never occurs to you that in a single second your whole life could change.
As human beings we do change, grow, adapt, perhaps even learn and become wiser.
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.
Only idiots refuse to change their minds.
You cant stay the same. If youre a musician and a singer, you have to change, thats the way it works.
All is connected... no one thing can change by itself.
For real change, we need feminine energy in the management of the world. We need a critical number of women in positions of power, and we need to nurture the feminine energy in men.
It is quite annoying that we have to change the sound we invented just to avoid sounding like people who simply copy us, but... it is flattering and of course challenging.
I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change.
Television is like the invention of indoor plumbing. It didnt change peoples habits. It just kept them inside the house.
I told you Im not going to criticize my successor. Ill just tell you that there are people at Gitmo that will kill American people at a drop of a hat and I dont believe that persuasion isnt going to work. Therapy isnt going to cause terrorists to change their mind.
No, I dont regret anything at this point. That may change on the next phone call, but at the moment I dont regret anything.
I went through life like an idiot for a great deal of the time, saying theres nothing I would change. That was a very arrogant thing to say. Theres a lot I would change. There are people I would have steered clear of.
Political Correctness doesnt change us, it shuts us up.
There is certain relief in change, even though it be from bad to worse! As I have often found in traveling in a stagecoach, that it is often a comfort to shift ones position, and be bruised in a new place.
I dont care what other people think as long as I am happy. The day I die or retire, I have blown all my chances because I dont have the chance any more to change my image as an F1 driver.
Remember, each one of us has the power to change the world. Just start thinking peace, and the message will spread quicker than you think.
If youre old, dont try to change yourself, change your environment.
The Framers of the Constitution knew that free speech is the friend of change and revolution. But they also knew that it is always the deadliest enemy of tyranny.
People change over the years, and that changes situations for good and for bad.
I dont think that a leader can control, to any great extent, his destiny. Very seldom can he step in and change the situation if the forces of history are running in another direction.
Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick.
Nothing endures but change.
Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.
If you dont change, then whats the point of anything happening to you?
Human beings are the only animal that thinks they change who they are simply by moving to a different place. Birds migrate, but its not quite the same thing.
Ive seen firsthand that being president doesnt change who you are. It reveals who you are.
It wasnt so long ago that I was a working mom myself. And I know that sometimes, much as we all hate to admit it, its just easier to park the kids in front of the TV for a few hours, so we can pay the bills or do the laundry or just have some peace and quiet for a change.
Until we totally change the way we elect our leaders, until we remove private money from public campaigns, lying will be the de facto method of governance in this country.
Any revival in which I am involved is liable to change.
Only in growth, reform, and change, paradoxically enough, is true security to be found.
If you never change your mind, why have one?
I think clothes should make you feel safe. I like clothes you want to go to sleep in. I sometimes stand in front of a mirror and change a million times because I know I really want to wear my nightgown.
Actors are agents of change. A film, a piece of theater, a piece of music, or a book can make a difference. It can change the world.
Successful people recognize crisis as a time for change - from lesser to greater, smaller to bigger.
It is not to be expected that human nature will change in a day.
I have accepted fear as a part of life - specifically the fear of change... I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back.
Im not asking any of you to make drastic changes to every single one of your recipes or to totally change the way you do business. But what I am asking is that you consider reformulating your menu in pragmatic and incremental ways to create healthier versions of the foods that we all love.
I am desperate for change - now - not in 8 years or 12 years, but right now.
Everybody talks about wanting to change things and help and fix, but ultimately all you can do is fix yourself. And thats a lot. Because if you can fix yourself, it has a ripple effect.
The democracy process provides for political and social change without violence.
I dont have perfect teeth, Im not stick thin. I want to be the person who feels great in her body and can say that she loves it and doesnt want to change anything.
I may be a living legend, but that sure dont help when Ive got to change a flat tire.
A lot of people resist transition and therefore never allow themselves to enjoy who they are. Embrace the change, no matter what it is once you do, you can learn about the new world youre in and take advantage of it.
Im doing it because I choose it. And if its not working, I can make a change.
Today in America, we are trying to prepare students for a high tech world of constant change, but we are doing so by putting them through a school system designed in the early 20th Century that has not seen substantial change in 30 years.
Our generation has an incredible amount of realism, yet at the same time it loves to complain and not really change. Because, if it does change, then it wont have anything to complain about.
A great revolution in just one single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a society and, further, will enable a change in the destiny of humankind.
So if one day the result becomes 3-3, for me it doesnt change my mind, because its football, its normal. What is not normal is that we havent been scoring enough goals playing such good football as weve been playing in the last few weeks.
The only sense that is common in the long run, is the sense of change and we all instinctively avoid it.
I do not believe in political movements. I believe in personal movement, that movement of the soul when a man who looks at himself is so ashamed that he tries to make some sort of change - within himself, not on the outside.
No great movement designed to change the world can bear to be laughed at or belittled. Mockery is a rust that corrodes all it touches.
I get satisfaction out of seeing stuff that makes real change in the real world. We need a lot more of that and a lot less abstract stuff.
Under Barack Obama, the only Change is that Hope has been hard to find. Now millions of Americans are insecure about their future. But instead of inspiring us by reminding us of what makes us special, he divides us against each other. He tells Americans theyre worse off because others are better off. That people got rich by making others poor.
So heres the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?
Never Have Your Dog Stuffed is really advice to myself, a reminder to myself not to avoid change or uncertainty, but to go with it, to surf into change.
They say marriage will change you but it didnt change me. Being in love changed me.
The earth was made so various, that the mind Of desultory man, studious of change, And pleased with novelty, might be indulged.
I dont like definitions, but if there is a definition of freedom, it would be when you have control over your reality to transform it, to change it, rather than having it imposed upon you. You cant really ask for more than.
I got all the respect in the world for the front-runners in this race, but ask yourself: If we replace a Democratic insider with a Republican insider, you think were really going to change Washington, D.C.? You dont have to settle for Washington and Wall Street insiders who supported the Wall Street bailout and the Obamacare individual mandate.
While a large segment of the art world has obsessed over a tiny number of stars and their prices, an aesthetic shift has been occurring. Its not a movement - movements are more sure of themselves. Its a change of mood or expectation, a desire for art to be more than showy effects, big numbers, and gamesmanship.
If the Frieze Art Fair catches on, I imagine at least two great things happening. First, we will once again have a huge art fair in town that isnt too annoying to go to. More importantly, Frieze may finally show New Yorkers that we can cross our own waters for visual culture. That would change everything.
Were all entitled to opinions about how art institutions should behave, and entitled to voicing those opinions through whatever means available to us. Were also allowed to change or modify our opinions.
No real social change has ever been brought about without a revolution... revolution is but thought carried into action.
I think the tiniest little thing can change the course of your day, which can change the course of your year, which can change who you are.
I dont know how I got to this point but it must be as a result of everything that has come before so if I were to change something, I might not be at this point now.
If you change partners every time it gets tough or you get a little dissatisfied, then I dont think you get the richness thats available in a long-term relationship.
Yet what you need is not marches, demonstrations, rallies or wide associations, all of them are important. What you need is direct action. The sooner people understand that, the sooner well begin to change things.
Sadly, we do a much better job of making people feel guilty than we do of delivering them from the guilt we create. We need to confess this and change our ways.
I wouldnt change anything. Ive made mistakes, but thanks to those mistakes, Ive learned.
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.
Hope and change? Were not doing that anymore. Theyre doing attack and blame. And so, I just think people are going to see through this. They want real leadership. They want us to get this country on the right track.
Like it or not, the world evolves, priorities change and so do you.
I never want to change so much that people cant recognize me.
I believe that Gandhi was correct. Non-violent civil disobedience is the only way to bring about change that allows people to enjoy the change and not get killed in the process.
A visit to a cinema is a little outing in itself. It breaks the monotony of an afternoon or evening it gives a change from the surroundings of home, however pleasant.
Resistance is thought transformed into feeling. Change the thought that creates the resistance, and there is no more resistance.
Studies have shown that 90% of error in thinking is due to error in perception. If you can change your perception, you can change your emotion and this can lead to new ideas.
We have got to change our ethics and our financial system and our whole way of understanding the world. It has to be a world in which people live rather than die a sustainable world. It could be great.
Its a philosophy of life. A practice. If you do this, something will change, what will change is that you will change, your life will change, and if you can change you, you can perhaps change the world.
Nothing is as real as a dream. The world can change around you, but your dream will not. Responsibilities need not erase it. Duties need not obscure it. Because the dream is within you, no one can take it away.
It seems to me that any sensible person must see that violence does not change the world and if it does, then only temporarily.
A liberal knows that the only certainty in this life is change but believes that the change can be directed toward a constructive end.
Money is always there but the pockets change it is not in the same pockets after a change, and that is all there is to say about money.
For me, revolution simply means radical change.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
One of the most predictable things in life is there will be change. You are better off if you can have a say in the change. But you are ignorant or naive if you dont think there will be change, whether you want it to or not.
Were a nation of laws, but the good thing about America, is that laws reside in the people and people can change the laws.
If you take different mythologies from different cultures, the names may change and the story lines may vary but there is always something in common.
Poetry is not only dream and vision it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.
I wanna change the game in way where Im not knocking nobody out of the way, not claiming to be the best at this or that, but just doing wonders with the gift Ive been given.
The personal things should be left out of platforms at conventions. You can argue yourself blue in the face, and youre not going to change each others minds. Its a waste of your time and my time.
I am Jose Mourinho and I dont change. I arrive with all my qualities and my defects.
Here I am paying big money to you writers and what for? All you do is change the words.
I am a contradictory mess but I see it as my prerogative to change my mood like the weather.
An Army is a collection of armed men obliged to obey one man. Every change in the rules which impairs the principle weakens the army.
The atmosphere seems to change once the sun goes down and the race fans get to watch a good show.
Thoughts will change and shift just like the wind and the water when youre on the boat thoughts are no different than anything else.
The low points I had all helped make up my character, so I probably wouldnt want to do away with them because I like being flawed and I like having them help me grow and change and become better and stronger.
If you walk down the street and smile at someone, that will get passed on to the next person. That has the power to change someones day.
Its not the destination that matters. Its the change of scene.
I think most artists would be happy to have bigger audiences rather than smaller ones. It doesnt mean that they are going to change their work in order necessarily to get it, but theyre happy if they do get it.
Physics does not change the nature of the world it studies, and no science of behavior can change the essential nature of man, even though both sciences yield technologies with a vast power to manipulate the subject matters.
Dont fear change - embrace it.
As I have said for many years throughout this land, were borrowing money from China to buy oil from the Persian Gulf to burn it in ways that destroy the future of human civilization. Every bit of that has to change.
Being ready isnt enough you have to be prepared for a promotion or any other significant change.
We should be proud that our Prophet came into the world with the message of Islam to change it for the better, and not for the worse, or to keep things as they are.
This life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed with a desire to change his bed.
Vengeance is not the point change is. But the trouble is that in most peoples minds the thought of victory and the thought of punishing the enemy coincide.
For a change, lady luck seemed to be smiling on me. Then again, maybe the fickle wench was just lulling me into a false sense of security while she reached for a rock.
I want to test my maximum and see how much I can do. And I want to change the world of swimming.
Reconciliation requires changes of heart and spirit, as well as social and economic change. It requires symbolic as well as practical action.
If theres specific resistance to women making movies, I just choose to ignore that as an obstacle for two reasons: I cant change my gender, and I refuse to stop making movies.
I cant change overnight into a serious literary author. You cant compare apples to oranges. William Faulkner was a great literary genius. I am not.
I have to try and change the landscape, whatever it is.
It is more rewarding to watch money change the world than watch it accumulate.
We dont change what we are, we change what we think what we are.
As you grow older, you change.
In order to effect great change, we need to look at how we can help those in our own communities as well as globally.
Someday perhaps change will occur when times are ready for it instead of always when it is too late. Someday change will be accepted as life itself.
I just find the evangelical church too, well, restrictive. But the School of Practical Philosophy is nonconfrontational. We believe there are many forms of Scripture. What is true is true and will never change, whether its in the Bible or in Shakespeare. Its about oneness.
If you asked an 18-year-old what they want to do with their life, and the options are Transformers or Lars von Trier, hes probably shipping out for Transformers. If you ask a 26-year-old what he wants to do, Transformers or Lars von Trier, hed probably pick Lars von Trier. So, my sensibilities are changing as I change.
If youre unhappy, you should change what youre doing.
Theres no sense in going to a tournament if you dont believe that you can win it. And that is the belief I have always had. And that is not going to change.
I take sounds and change them into words.
I think having a child can really change you if youre open to it.
I dont think you can work on feelings in politics, apart from anything else, political change can come very unexpectedly, sometimes overnight when you least expect it.
I came to poetry through the urgent need to denounce injustice, exploitation, humiliation. I know thats not enough to change the world. But to remain silent would have been a kind of intolerable complicity.
Life has got a habit of not standing hitched. You got to ride it like you find it. You got to change with it. If a day goes by that dont change some of your old notions for new ones, that is just about like trying to milk a dead cow.
Its a huge change for your body. You dont even want to look in the mirror after youve had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a Shar-Pei.
Im very comfortable with how I look. I always have been. I think I look pretty good. Theres nothing I want to change. Im pretty happy with what Ive got.
Hope and Change has become Divide and Conquer.
There are pros and cons of experience. A con is that you cant look at the business with a fresh pair of eyes and as objectively as if you were a new CEO. Fire yourself on a Friday night and come in on Monday morning as if a search firm put you there as a turn-around leader. Can you be objective and make the bold change?
Which goes to show you, you can make all the laws you want, but you cannot change peoples ways. If you must change them, you have to understand that it will take a long time.
Those people in New York are not gonna change me none.
I spent a lot of my life holding back my cries, and I want to change that because its not good for me.
The difference between a movie star and a movie actor is this - a movie star will say, How can I change the script to suit me? and a movie actor will say. How can I change me to suit the script?
Well, what was called the blessed hope of the Bible is that one day Jesus Christ would come back again, start a whole new era, that this world order that we know it would change into something that would be wonderful that wed call the millennium.
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily.
If youve ever made change in the offering plate, you might be a redneck.
The new dynamics between brands and consumers, driven by social media, are proving to be a powerful impetus for change.
The world does not need tourists who ride by in a bus clucking their tongues. The world as it is needs those who will love it enough to change it, with what they have, where they are.
I think sometimes when children grow up, their parents grow up. Mine grew up with me. We coexist. I dont try to change them anymore, and I dont think they try to change me. We agree to disagree.
I love what I do, and when I dont love what I do, Ill make a change.
Ive always been ambitious since I was nine years old and that was never going to change.
I think sometimes when children grow up, their parents grow up. Mine grew up with me. We coexist. I dont try to change them anymore, and I dont think they try to change me.
People dont change their behavior unless it makes a difference for them to do so.
We have to do more than just elect a new President if we truly want to change this country.
Logic will never change emotion or perception.
And Seaman, just like a falling oak, manages to change direction.
Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.
You dont change the course of history by turning the faces of portraits to the wall.
The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come.
Let us take things as we find them: let us not attempt to distort them into what they are not... We cannot make facts. All our wishing cannot change them. We must use them.
Customs and convictions change respectable people are the last to know, or to admit, the change, and the ones most offended by fresh reflections of the facts in the mirror of art.
My goal was never to just create a company. A lot of people misinterpret that, as if I dont care about revenue or profit or any of those things. But what not being just a company means to me is not being just that - building something that actually makes a really big change in the world.
It is time to change our policy of appeasement toward the Palestinians, to strengthen our ties with the nation of Israel.
Our nation is being led astray by ungodly judges, mayors and governors, who are given to change, defying the Constitution and substituting their own wicked agendas.
For the last 20 years of my life, Ive had the mantra to do amazing parts with amazing people in amazing projects, so Im attracted to good story, writing and character and good people. Thats what Im always searching for and I dont think thats ever going to change.
Making money is not gonna change anything about what I am, except I wont answer the door.
I just think that sometimes we hang onto people or relationships long after theyve ceased to be of any use to either of you. Im always meeting new people, and my list of friends seems to change quite a bit.
The only change is that baseball has turned Paige from a second class citizen to a second class immortal.
The idea of the sacred is quite simply one of the most conservative notions in any culture, because it seeks to turn other ideas - uncertainty, progress, change - into crimes.
Cubism was an attack on the perspective that had been known and used for 500 years. It was the first big, big change. It confused people: they said, Things dont look like that!
Economically, its more expensive to make movies. I hope digital movies change that.
I didnt want to go out and change anything. I just wanted to make the music that was part of my background, which was rock and blues and hip-hop.
I love to watch times change!
Its best to leap into something you know you love. You might change your mind later, but that is the privilege of youth.
I hope to bring much more attention to important issues and change for issues and practices that are harming animals.
Effectively, change is almost impossible without industry-wide collaboration, cooperation and consensus.
What is sure is that technological change is accelerating in all directions and, like children playing in a fountain, consumers are reveling in the experience.
The question remains: which brands will commit to creating a private sector pillar of social change, and which will become casualties of their own outdated thinking?
The creative destruction that social media is currently unleashing will change more than technology or the leader board of the Fortune 100. It is driving a qualitative shift in the nature of relationships between brands and their customers.
It is time for corporate America to become the third pillar of social change in our society, complementing the first two pillars of government and philanthropy. We need the entire private sector to begin committing itself not just to making profits, but to fulfilling higher and larger purposes by contributing to building a better world.
When people align around shared political, social, economic or environmental values, and take collective action, thinking and behavior that compromises the lives of millions of people around the world can truly change.
Brands must empower their community to be change agents in their own right. To that end, they need to take on a mentoring role. This means the brand provides the tools, techniques and strategies for their customers to become more effective marketers in achieving their own goals.
With the never-ending stream of new social technologies, apps and platforms rolling out every day, its easy to get lost in the minutiae of social media. Yet for there to be effective change, especially within large, top-down, hierarchical institutions, a company must have an over-arching understanding of the new role it has to play.
And its absolutely true that male sexual behaviour and female responses to male demands change a lot when they start communicating - and the levels of the communication that Ive seen on the ground in very, very poor areas are so high and I think why dont we have that here?
I have always been aware that you have to get people listening before you can change their minds. Any artists big fear is being ignored, so if you get debate, thats great.
We think that democracy can change a lot of things, but were being fooled, because democracy is not the election. Weve been taught that democracy is having elections. And it isnt. Elections are the most horrendous aspect of democracy. Its the most mundane, trivial, disappointing, dirty aspect.
Before Schindlers List, I wouldnt have believed movies had a lot of power for social change.
The best thing about acting is that I get to lose myself in another character and actually get paid for it... Its a great outlet. Im not really sure who I am - it seems I change every day.
I believe that history has shape, order, and meaning that exceptional men, as much as economic forces, produce change and that passe abstractions like beauty, nobility, and greatness have a shifting but continuing validity.
I respect the astute and rigorously unsentimental David Horowitz as one of Americas most original and courageous political analysts. He has the true 1960s spirit - audacious and irreverent, yet passionately engaged and committed to social change.
The 80s made up for all the abuse I took during the 70s. I outlived all my critics. By the time I retired, everybody saw me as a venerable institution. Things do change.
I think change is possible, but only for individuals who were never truly gay in the first place and who have a strong personal motivation to recover their heterosexuality.
When you lead change, sometimes you get arrows in your back. I mean, thats just the way the real world is.
An apology might help, but you can change your life without one.
When he was born, I looked at my little boy and felt an unconditional love I never knew was inside me. As he grew, and I watched him stagger about, squeak his first words, and turn into a beautiful little boy, that feeling did not change.
Even if I know I shall never change the masses, never transform anything permanent, all I ask is that the good things also have their place, their refuge.
Mental illness is the last frontier. The gay thing is part of everyday life now on a show like Modern Family, but mental illness is still full of stigma. Maybe it is time for that to change.
I love street style, seeing how girls wear pieces and how their pair accessories with their outfit. How they pair shoes with a bag and go to day to night and change things up.
The only change I can really see is that I dont have to shop for pants in stores anymore.
Obviously comedic styles do change.
Sometimes I have these fantasies of just moving to a foreign country and coming back with a full head of hair. Or not even come back! Make a new life there with hair... Change my name, just see what happens.
Anyone whos lost someone to cancer will say this, that you have to struggle to try to remember the person before the diagnosis happened, because they really do change - as anyone would change.
We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains.
Change is vital, improvement the logical form of change.
Rather than saying, My checking account is a wreck, change it to I will learn how to track my spending and balance my checkbook.
I mean, if you didnt get it or if you didnt feel like you enjoyed it, sometimes that experience can change.
It took me so many years to move out. Im definitely a bit of a Peter Pan, reluctant to grow up. It all seemed really nice at home-why change it? Part of me would prefer not to have any responsibility whatsoever.
I have to struggle to change peoples perceptions of me. I grew very frustrated with the perception that Im this shy, retiring, inhibited aristocratic creature when Im absolutely not like that at all. I think Im much more outgoing and exuberant than my image.
To some extent, Seattle remains a frontier metropolis, a place where people can experiment with their lives, and change and grow and make things happen.
I change my mind so much I need two boyfriends and a girlfriend.
Dont manage - lead change before you have to.
Probably the most visible example of unintended consequences, is what happens every time humans try to change the natural ecology of a place.
Everything will change. The only question is growing up or decaying.
One good teacher in a lifetime may sometimes change a delinquent into a solid citizen.
A technical solution may be defined as one that requires a change only in the techniques of the natural sciences, demanding little or nothing in the way of change in human values or ideas of morality.
You put high heels on and you change.
I mean, language fascinates me anyway, and different words have different energies and you can change the whole drive of a sentence.
The art of living does not consist in preserving and clinging to a particular mode of happiness, but in allowing happiness to change its form without being disappointed by the change happiness, like a child, must be allowed to grow up.
One reason we resist making deliberate choices is that choice equals change and most of us, feeling the world is unpredictable enough, try to minimise the trauma of change in our personal lives.
That man is a creature who needs order yet yearns for change is the creative contradiction at the heart of the laws which structure his conformity and define his deviancy.
Were not trying to change the world just music.
I feel we live in the kind of culture now where you have to be very smart to navigate the right way, and I just dont have those smarts. I think with age and time it will change, but I cant obsess about it.
I wouldnt change a single thing, because one change alters every moment that follows it.
The first resistance to social change is to say its not necessary.
Our economic system, run for profit and waste and based primarily on the extractive industries, is the cause of climate change. We have wasted the earths treasure and we can no longer exploit it cheaply.
You can love more than one person in your life, but things will be different. Therell be a different dynamic. Needs and desires change.
Excellent firms dont believe in excellence - only in constant improvement and constant change.
I dont have clear-cut positions. I get baffled by things. I have viewpoints. Sometimes they change.
Change of fashion is the tax levied by the industry of the poor on the vanity of the rich.
Creative thinking inspires ideas. Ideas inspire change.
I think it true that, you know, sometimes things start to change even before a government changes and, actually, I think you can begin to see even the Labour machine beginning to understand that it has become over-reliant on targets and processes, that local governments have been over-bossed and bullied.
We have the character of an island nation: independent, forthright, passionate in defence of our sovereignty. We can no more change this British sensibility than we can drain the English Channel. And because of this sensibility, we come to the European Union with a frame of mind that is more practical than emotional.
The biggest danger to the European Union comes not from those who advocate change, but from those who denounce new thinking as heresy. In its long history Europe has experience of heretics who turned out to have a point.
One new feature or fresh take can change everything.
Ive had some movies that have been ridiculed, but thats OK with me. I dont feel that really defines me. Should I change who I am to be popular?
If we are to change our world view, images have to change. The artist now has a very important job to do. Hes not a little peripheral figure entertaining rich people, hes really needed.
The ultimate end of all revolutionary social change is to establish the sanctity of human life, the dignity of man, the right of every human being to liberty and well-being.
The challenge is not to replace Obama but with who. Its not enough to just change up the uniform, if we dont change the team and the game plan, we wont save our country.
Your race and gender dont change, but you can choose to change your political affiliation at will.
Pop culture is a reflection of social change, not a cause of social change.
All non-incumbent campaigns promise hope and change, but Obama took the promise to a new level of absurdity. He suggested that a vote for him would literally transform the Earth.
Many individuals are doing what they can. But real success can only come if there is a change in our societies and in our economics and in our politics.
Success cannot come from standstill men. Methods change and men must change with them.
The Philippines is a terrible name, coming from Spain. Phillip II was the father of the inquisition, who I believe died of syphilis. It is my great regret that we didnt change the name of our country.
No matter how many modern parts I do, people still refer to me as Mrs. Costume Drama. Fight Club is a studio pic, and Ive done very few of those. Ive got a feeling its going to change things for me.
I ran for president in order to be able to try to change Washington D.C. from the inside. Our federal government is broken.
Its been really fun to see with each album when I change to see the fans of the show emulate my style and with the first record a lot of the kids in the crowd were wearing neck ties like I was and now youll see a lot of girls with pink hair. Its cool, its actually really neat.
When fish experience something that would cause other animals physical pain, they behave in ways suggestive of pain, and the change in behaviour may last several hours.
I learned to change my accent in England, your accent identifies you very strongly with a class, and I did not want to be held back.
Some say that I should settle down, go slower and not push so hard, so quickly for such transformational change. To them, I say that you misunderstand the size of the problems we face, the strength of the status quo and the urgency of the peoples desire for change.
I absolutely dont care about my looks and Im so used to them that I wouldnt change a thing. I would end up missing my defects.
Maybe we all change over time.
I just want people to know that if they want to change the direction of the country, they can do it, but only if theyre active, informed, and engaged.
Some people seem to understand this - that life and change take time - but I am not one of those people.
I think Im actually quite a materialistic person, I value what it takes to make a car or build a nice house. Money does change things, but how it changes people depends on how they react to it.
I have a big fear of change, or negative change, anyway. Im basically the same person I was when I won Idol, or when I was 10.
I dont think my principles change. I think the way in which you apply those principles to modern society changes.
You change with the guys you date.
If a person with a bullet in Dallas can change the world, imagine a person with an idea could do.
If a man like Malcolm X could change and repudiate racism, if I myself and other former Muslims can change, if young whites can change, then there is hope for America.
Human memory is a marvelous but fallacious instrument. The memories which lie within us are not carved in stone not only do they tend to become erased as the years go by, but often they change, or even increase by incorporating extraneous features.
It is well for people who think to change their minds occasionally in order to keep them clean. For those who do not think, it is best at least to rearrange their prejudices once in a while.
People with high blood pressure, diabetes - those are conditions brought about by life style. If you change the life style, those conditions will leave.
I was away from the front lines for a while this spring, living with other troops, and considerable fighting took place while I was gone. When I got ready to return to my old friends at the front I wondered if I would sense any change in them.
I just dont believe that you have to come in and insult people when you want to change things.
One expected growth, change without it, the world was less, the well of inspiration dried up, the muses fled.
Choose your corner, pick away at it carefully, intensely and to the best of your ability and that way you might change the world.
You look at a herd of cattle and well, they all look the same... but they know. They all have an individual personality, and those personalities change from day to day. They can have their grumpy days and their happy days and their serene days. But its unpredictable. You cant be off in outer space when youre dealing with animals.
There has been a change in mens attitudes toward their clothes. Men are more aware of fashion theyre not afraid of it.
I just like food too much, and I dont want to change. I spent so much of childhood trying to change, and I just got sick of it... I dont want to look like Britney Spears, I just dont want to. Shes hideous.
I would not change my blest estate for all the world calls good or great.
Girls are taught to sing high and pretty, like Antony, not low and from the guts like Nina Simone. But were slowly trying to change that. There are so many things were not told growing up, and its our true feminist responsibility to take the truth to the people who need to hear it.
Politics is repetition. It is not change. Change is something beyond what we call politics. Change is the essence politics is supposed to be the means to bring into being.
If we dont like what the Republicans do, we need to get in there and change it.
Whether youre winning or losing, it is important to always be yourself. You cant change because of the circumstances around you.
Im trying to change the culture in New York City thats hard enough!
Set lists are tough because you come up with this structure of how the songs are going to go from one to the next, but at the same time, you have to be spontaneous and take requests and change the set list at the drop of a hat.
The greatest revolution in our generation is that of human beings, who by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives.
I have found there are four steps to change. 1. You must want it. 2. You must believe it. 3. You must live it. 4. You will become it.
It is in the mind and the heart where we meet. Its not the body-the body will change.
Many people and governments share the mistaken belief that science, with new, ingenious devices and techniques, can rescue us from the troubles we face without our having to mend our ways and change our patterns of activity. This is not so.
As man sows, so shall he reap. In works of fiction, such men are sometimes converted. More often, in real life, they do not change their natures until they are converted into dust.
Comedians walk out, get a feel for the crowd. If its not going good, we change directions. If we got to drag your momma into this thing, we will. Whatever we got to do.
Believe it or not, lots of people change their majors and abandon their dreams just to avoid a couple of math classes in college.
I didnt think that college math was for me. I didnt think Id be able to hack it. And that perception of math not being for girls, not being for girls who see themselves as socially well adjusted has got to change.
I like to change characters and then, slowly I believe the audience treat me as, like an actor who can fight. Its not like an action star.
The signs of outstanding leadership appear primarily among the followers. Are the followers reaching their potential? Are they learning? Serving? Do they achieve the required results? Do they change with grace? Manage conflict?
Im a typical middle child. Im the mediator. The one that makes everything OK, puts their own needs aside to make sure everybodys happy. Its hard to change your nature, even with years and years of therapy.
I really think the Patriot Act violates our Constitution. It was, it is, an illegal act. The Congress, the Senate and the president cannot change the Constitution.
If the shoe doesnt fit, must we change the foot?
Unless its a specific accent, or something about physicality you have to change, I am generally not such a conscious actor.
The more specific idea of Evolution now reached is - a change from an indefinite, incoherent homogeneity to a definite, coherent heterogeneity, accompanying the dissipation of motion and integration of matter.
In science the important thing is to modify and change ones ideas as science advances.
The notion that Congress can change the meaning given a constitutional provision by the Court is subversive of the function of judicial review and it is not the less so because the Court promises to allow it only when the Constitution is moved to the left.
What is amazing for a woman of my age is that I change as the world is changing-and changing very, very fast. I dont think my mother had that opportunity to change.
Were living in an era of unprecedented change, and I want to be a part of documenting it.
Climate change was a point of division between Obama and Republican rival Mitt Romney. The president declared climate change a global threat, acknowledged that the actions of humanity were deepening the crisis, and pledged to do something about it if elected.
Close elections tend to break toward the challenger because undecided voters - having held out so long against the incumbent - are by nature looking for change.
Obama won the presidency on the strength of his message and the skills of the messenger. Now the talk of hope and change feels out of tune when so many Americans are out of work, over-mortgaged, and worried that life will be even tougher for their children.
We, the people. Manifest Destiny. Conceived in liberty. Fear itself. Ask not. Morning in America. United we stand. Yes, we can. In times of great change and tumult, presidents seek to inspire beleaguered Americans by reminding them of their national identity.
Instead of focusing on that circumstances that you cannot change - focus strongly and powerfully on the circumstances that you can.
I think the way to change it is to handle issues individually when its essential to do so.
I used to be a Catholic. I left because I object to conversion by concussion. If you dont agree with what they teach, you get clobbered over the head until you do. All that does is change the shape of the head.
If I was a woman, I would be dressed in the same thing for a month and just change my hat and gloves. Maybe my shoes too yes, I see what you mean but, really, its jewels that change an outfit.
I like progress but I hate change.
All cities do face similar, significant trends in the future... most importantly global warming and climate change.
A dog that has rabies probably will do things it wouldnt do if it didnt have rabies. But that doesnt change the fact that it has rabies.
Because primarily of the power of the Internet, people of modest means can band together and amass vast sums of money that can change the world for some public good if they all agree.
One of the advantages of moving quickly is if you do something wrong you can change it. What technologies tend to do is they tend to make a lot of mistakes... but then we go back and aggressively attack those mistakes - and fix them. And you usually recover pretty quickly.
I love change, I need it.
Cats dont like change without their consent.
One of the most important things to remember about infant care is: dont change diapers in midstream.
I like change. Theres something Buddhist about it - continuous change is wonderful.
Man can certainly flee from God... but he cannot escape him. He can certainly hate God and be hateful to God, but he cannot change into its opposite the eternal love of God which triumphs even in his hate.
Its quite nice to see that I didnt have to change who I was to reach two very different types of people.
People find themselves in ruts all the time. Youre in a complacent lifestyle where you work 9 to 5 and then you add a mortgage and kids. You feel trapped, but guess what, brother? You constructed that life. If youre OK with it, theres nothing wrong with that. But if youve got unease, then youve got to make a change.
Many a revolution started with the actions of a few. Only 56 men signed the Declaration of Independence. A few hanging together can lead a nation to change.
Few expected very much of Franklin Roosevelt on Inauguration Day in 1933. Like Barack Obama seventy-six years later, he was succeeding a failed Republican president, and Americans had voted for change. What that change might be Roosevelt never clearly said, probably because he himself didnt know.
Women have a lot of power in private life. There are many men who would say, Hey, women already rule my life. But with women, more is more. The more there are, the more the world gets used to seeing them. We change the culture. We begin to expand options and lead and manage.
The fight is always the same within the Democratic Party, isnt it? The more things change, the more they stay the same.
Washington is still very much a male-oriented culture. Being from Los Angeles, I think it is less so there - there is less attachment to tradition, perhaps, there is more flexibility, more acceptance of change generally. That is partly because of Hollywood.
When I joined Bill Clintons start-up presidential campaign in 1991, I was confident that women would play an ever more important role, but I never gave a minutes thought to what would happen if we won. When we did - and I became the first woman to serve as White House press secretary - it changed my life. But it didnt change the world.
There is no question that climate change is happening the only arguable point is what part humans are playing in it.
As a standup, I try to change the world. As an entertainer, I try to entertain. And as a lesbian, I try to pick up the prettiest girl in the room.
Its coming home to roost over the next 50 years or so. Its not just climate change its sheer space, places to grow food for this enormous horde. Either we limit our population growth or the natural world will do it for us, and the natural world is doing it for us right now.
Every time I hear, Cut. Print, something cold and electrical goes off in my head, because Im never going to change that film.
Revolutions demand enormous sacrifices and, at the same time, create a new need to change the world again.
The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects - making it possible... to see a new beauty in what is vanishing.
Dreams are the seeds of change. Nothing ever grows without a seed, and nothing ever changes without a dream.
For an introvert his environment is himself and can never be subject to startling or unforeseen change.
Change is vital to any actor. If you keep playing lead after lead, youre really gonna dry up. Because all those vehicles wean you away from the truths of human behaviour.
There are people in the world who have the power to change our values.
Without struggle, no progress and no result. Every breaking of habit produces a change in the machine.
We cant change anything until we get some fresh ideas, until we begin to see things differently.
Becoming a mother cannot help but change things. An authors life is reflected in their writing, whether they want it to be or not, and parenthood is one of the biggest life changes there is.
Loss means losing what was We want to change but we dont want to lose. Without time for loss, we dont have time for soul.
A change in bad habits leads to a change in life.
It will always be a battle a day between those who want maximum change and those who want to maintain the status quo.
Organisations are now confronted with two sources of change: the traditional type that is initiated and managed and external changes over which no one has control.
Never doubt that you can change history. You already have.
I just change with the times. I really dont have a say in whats going on. Music was here before me.
We have to struggle against the conservatives from all sides, not only the right-wingers, but also the left-wing conservatives who dont want to change anything.
Change is growth. For me it has been a very spiritual and musical rebirth.
I have a resistance to change in things that I feel comfortable with and that Im used to.
I cant just say one time of the year Im going to do something different. I have to commit to a lifestyle behavioral change and just try to be a little bit better today than I was yesterday.
If were going to change the laws, lets change them in ways which makes it easier to catch criminals, and yet at the same time protect the Second Amendment rights of our law-abiding citizens.
Fame changes a lot of things, but it cant change a lightbulb.
Sometimes you could be in an unhappy relationship you are very much in love with someone, but its making you unhappy and you think things can change and you can work it out.
I have to say, you know, Ive seen so many people go through the cycle and become famous and not famous anymore and, you know, want - have their priorities change and want different things.
We have to face the reality of climate change. It is arguably the biggest threat we are facing today.
Any form of art is a form of power it has impact, it can affect change - it can not only move us, it makes us move.
Unless there is meaningful change in Syria and an end to the crackdown, President Assad and those around him will find themselves isolated internationally and discredited within Syria.
People feel that the EU is a one-way process, a great machine that sucks up decision-making from national parliaments to the European level until everything is decided by the EU. That needs to change.
I believe we should reframe our response to climate change as an imperative for growth rather than merely being a way of being green or meeting environmental commitments.
As far as Im aware, everybody in the shadow cabinet accepts that theres a compelling case on climate change and a strong scientific case.
Its important to fall in love with someone you dont want to change.
I do believe sadly its going to take some diseases coming back to realize that we need to change and develop vaccines that are safe.
I get heartfelt thanks from all kinds of people. Today I heard from a waitress in Georgia who has lost her job and is trying to figure out how her local bank can change the terms on her credit card, and I heard from a physicist at a major research university who wants to explain a better theory of financial stress tests.
Peoples view of cancer will change when they have their own relationship with cancer, which everyone will, at some point.
I want to be able to look back and say, Ive done everything I can, and I was successful. I dont want to look back and say I should have done this or that. Id like to change things for the younger generation of swimmers coming along.
I wouldnt change a thing - except my bank balance.
No, nothing has changed in my life at all, and nothing would change if I had millions.
There is something in the pang of change More than the heart can bear, Unhappiness remembering happiness.
This great, though disastrous, culture can only change as we begin to stand off and see... the inveterate materialism which has become the model for cultures around the world.
There can be no peace in the world so long as a large proportion of the population lack the necessities of life and believe that a change of the political and economic system will make them available. World peace must be based on world plenty.
Thats the thing about interviews, at some point youre going to change your mind. But its there forever and you cant escape it.
Man has a limited biological capacity for change. When this capacity is overwhelmed, the capacity is in future shock.
Some argue that now isnt the time to push the green agenda - that all efforts should be on preventing a serious recession. That is a false choice. It fails to recognise that climate change and our carbon reliance is part of problem - high fuel prices and food shortages due to poor crop yields compound todays financial difficulties.
It is tragic that people who are incarcerated are unable to vote. They are probably the most important voices to listen to because they can tell us what we need to change.
It is not strange... to mistake change for progress.
A zebra does not change its spots.
I think its harder for people than it should be. But as more and more of us become carbon neutral and change the patterns in our lives to be part of the solution instead of part of the problem, we are now beginning to see the changes in policy that are needed.
Kids are a huge sacrifice they change everything - but Im ready to work for things of greater importance than going out to meet someone for dinner at 10 oclock at night.
I do like change. Thats the one thing exciting about me.
If I can change than anyone can change. I promise you that.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order.
I shoot a little bit, maybe two rolls, medium format, which is 20 pictures, and if its not working, I change the position.
I think if theres something one needs to change with oneself, it doesnt have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that its not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.
Even God cannot change the past.
Men are but children of a larger growth, Our appetites as apt to change as theirs, And full as craving too, and full as vain.
I didnt come into politics to change the Labour Party. I came into politics to change the country.
When you go off in the world and make your life, and you come back to your home town, and you find your old high-school friends driving in the same circles, doing the same things, thats what Hollywoods like. Its a little block, little town. It doesnt really grow or change.
Maybe one day the world will change, that well be in a luxurious position of being able to debate whether or not its inherently wrong to eat animals, but the question doesnt matter right now.
Polite and velvety leaders, who take care to avoid bruising others, are generally not as effective at forcing change.
When it comes to meat, change is almost always cast as an absolute. You are a vegetarian or you are not.
Celebrity culture has gone crazy, and I think the reason is that real news is just not bearable, and it also seems impossible to change anything.
The question, Ive come to think, is not what inspires one to change, but what inspires one to remain changed.
I first became a vegetarian when I was nine, in response to an argument made by a radical babysitter. My great change - which lasted a couple of weeks - was based on the very simple instinct that its wrong to kill animals for food.
Despite the fact that in America we incarcerate more juveniles for life terms than in any other country in the world, the truth is that the vast majority of youth offenders will one day be released. The question is simple and stark. Do we want to help them change or do we want to help them become even more violent and dangerous?
There is at least one point in the history of any company when you have to change dramatically to rise to the next level of performance. Miss that moment - and you start to decline.
In one century, weve added 28 years to our average life span - a change so rapid that our brains couldnt possibly have evolved to accommodate it.
My point is that perceptual bias can affect nut jobs and scientists alike. If we hold too rigidly to what we think we know, we ignore or avoid evidence of anything that might change our mind.
When youre a catalyst for change, you make enemies - and Im proud of the ones Ive got.
Any film I do is not going to change the way black women have been portrayed, or black people have been portrayed, in cinema since the days of D.W. Griffith.
Normal social behavior requires that we be able to recognize identities in spite of change. Unless we can do so, there can be no human society as we know it.
When you look at all the miracles attributed to Jesus, theyre all about change.
The damage that climate change is causing and that will get worse if we fail to act goes beyond the hundreds of thousands of lives, homes and businesses lost, ecosystems destroyed, species driven to extinction, infrastructure smashed and people inconvenienced.
When I was at drama school, I wanted to change the world, and thought I had some great wisdom to impart to people about humanity. Now that Im older, I know enough to realise that I know nothing at all.
Doing all we can to combat climate change comes with numerous benefits, from reducing pollution and associated health care costs to strengthening and diversifying the economy by shifting to renewable energy, among other measures.
From year to year, environmental changes are incremental and often barely register in our lives, but from evolutionary or geological perspectives, what is happening is explosive change.
People can undergo a sudden change of thinking and loyalties under threat of death or intense social pressure and isolation from friends and family.
Some people call it global warming some people call it climate change. What is the difference?
In true dialogue, both sides are willing to change.
I dont allow anybody to change me. I still walk outta my house in rollers and I take walks. I do not care what people think.
This nation has always struggled with how it was going to deal with poor people and people of color. Every few years you will see some great change in the way that they approach this. Weve had the war on poverty that never really got into waging a real war on poverty.
I dont think Im really open to having Washington change me.
We are all revolutionaries now, addicts of change.
My mom was always saying: Be whatever you want to be, but stick with it. Dont waver. Dont change who you are for anybody.
People naturally change a lot during their 20s, so my songs reflect that progression.
People lose people, we lose things in our life as were constantly growing and changing. Thats what life is is change, and a lot of that is loss. Its what you gain from that loss that makes life.
I think happiness comes from self-acceptance. We all try different things, and we find some comfortable sense of who we are. We look at our parents and learn and grow and move on. We change.
Illness strikes men when they are exposed to change.
Change is one of my favourite words.
I have to change a lot of things before I become a good marathon runner.
I am a type-2 diabetic, and they took me off medication simply because I ate right and exercised. Diabetes is not like a cancer, where you go in for chemo and radiation. You can change a lot through a basic changing of habits.
Redemption just means you just make a change in your life and you try to do right, versus what you were doing, which was wrong.
You have a dramatic portion of your television program and you treat it dramatically, and then you have a comedic portion of your program, and you treat it differently. Why do you change who are between the two pieces? Youre the same person. Just go.
There is danger in reckless change, but greater danger in blind conservatism.
Bill Gates is a relative newcomer to the fight against global warming, but hes already shifting the debate over climate change.
If left unchecked, global change will create violent conflict, torrential storms, shrinking coastlines, and irreversible catastrophe.
Among all the tests President Obama faced in his first term, his biggest failure was climate change.
We have to raise the consciousness the only way poets can change the world is to raise the consciousness of the general populace.
Geoengineering - the deliberate, large-scale manipulation of the earths climate to offset global warming - is a nightmare fix for climate change.
Sometimes we look for those thunderous things to happen in our life for our lives to change or go in the other direction. We seek the miracle. We seek the parting of the seas, the moving of the mountains. But no, its a quiet thing. At least for me it was.
If you are interested enough in the climate crisis to read this post, you probably know that 2 degrees Centigrade of warming (or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) is the widely acknowledged threshold for dangerous climate change.
Climate change is a global issue - from the point of view of the Earths climate, a molecule of CO2 emitted in Bejing is the same as a molecule emitted in Sydney.
Whats certain is that a totalitarian enclave like Cubas cant continue to exist, so change will definitely come there, eventually.
Every day Im thinking about change.
Ever since the collapse of cap and trade legislation and the realization that President Obama is unlikely to ever utter the words climate change in public again, much less use the bully pulpit to prepare the nation for the catastrophic risks of inaction, the movement has been in a funk.
I mean, I think were put here on earth to make your own destiny, to begin with. I dont think theres anything you can do this way or that way to change anything.
Maybe more climate activists will think about the climate change not as an international problem to be resolved in an air-conditioned meeting hall, but as a guerilla war to be fought in the streets.
I dont think the Palestinian people or Afghan children or some other things Im concerned about are at the top of other peoples agendas - not right now, when America is going through such a recession and people are suffering across the board financially. But I think all that will change.
One of the big questions in the climate change debate: Are humans any smarter than frogs in a pot? If you put a frog in a pot and slowly turn up the heat, it wont jump out. Instead, it will enjoy the nice warm bath until it is cooked to death. We humans seem to be doing pretty much the same thing.
Ive always looked the same. Since I was a child, I hated having to deal with my hair. I hated having to change my clothes. As a kid, I had a sailor shirt and the same old corduroy pants, and thats what I wanted to wear everyday.
You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it.
When the fabric of society is so rigid that it cannot change quickly enough, adjustments are achieved by social unrest and revolutions.
President Obamas version of America is a divided one - pitting us against each other based on our income level, gender, and social status. His policies have failed! We are not better off than we were 4 years ago, and no rhetoric, bumper sticker, or campaign ad can change that.
The experience of being in space didnt change my perspective of myself or of the planet or of life. I had no spiritual experience.
Sureness is something like a neck brace, which we clamp around our lives, hoping to somehow protect ourselves from the frightening, constant whiplash of change. Sadly, the brace doesnt always hold.
As somebody who, in my second marriage, insisted on a prenuptial agreement, I can also testify that sometimes it is an act of love to chart the exit strategy before you enter the union, in order to make sure that not only you, but your partner as well, knows that there will be no World War III should hearts and minds, for any sad reason, change.
In politics there are some candidates who use change to promote their careers, and then there are those like John McCain who use their careers to promote change.
If you want to change the way your banking system is regulated, if you want to learn the mistakes of whats gone wrong, then you have to change your government.
Even before he came to power in 1997, Gordon Brown promised to change the accounts to parliament from simple litanies of cash in and cash out, to a more commercial system that took notice of the public property the departments were using. This system is known as resource accounting.
I know how bad Albany is. I know it better than most. I understand why people are angry. Im angry. The question is going to be, how do you change Albany, what is the plan for change, and then how do you actually get it done?
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
News reports dont change the world. Only facts change it, and those have already happened when we get the news.
One of the things I like enormously about Bob Weinstein is that that hes the only studio head I have ever known who will change his mind and say he was wrong.
You know, for 300 years its been kind of the same. There are restaurants in New Orleans that the menu hasnt changed in 125 years, so how is one going to change or evolve the food?
There are women who make things better, there are women who change things, there are women who make things happen, who make a difference. I want to be one of those women.
The politicians always told us that the Cold War stand-off could only change by way of nuclear war. None of them believed that such systemic change was possible.
Geological change usually takes thousands of years to happen but we are seeing the climate changing not just in our lifetimes but also year by year.
I dont think were yet evolved to the point where were clever enough to handle a complex a situation as climate change. The inertia of humans is so huge that you cant really do anything meaningful.
The only thing I fear more than change is no change. The business of being static makes me nuts.
The problem with being sure that God is on your side is that you cant change your mind, because God sure isnt going to change His.
I dont think anything changes until ideas change. The usual American viewpoint is to believe that something is wrong with the person.
If you actually want to change your world, there is a better way of doing it than blowing yourself up.
You have to come in and be that character when you walk into the room. Thats what one of my first acting teachers taught me. You know, dont go in there being Jennifer and then expect to flip and change, because theyre not going to have that imagination.
When you first have a baby your life doesnt change. I mean, you have a little less sleep and you drag these cuddly things around you and its just amazing. But you still get to be you. Once they get to, like, five, six and school and it starts to get, like, Wow, they got real problems. Theyre my responsibility. Oh my God. That is overwhelming.
I think if theres any difference between me and a traditional CEO, its that Ive been unwilling to change myself or shape my personality around whats expected.
I think your alcohol intake has to change. You know, usually a big person feels they can drink anything they want to and as much as they want to and Ive cut that way back.
Just because you liked something as a youngster doesnt mean you have to like it as an adult. You can change your taste a little bit on the sweets and things like that.
Im all about change, and I know things are going to move forward in life, and thats just how it goes.
To be in a situation where you have no rights whatsoever is something I wish everybody could experience. Peoples attitudes would change. It would be a better place.
You know who is against democracy in the Middle East? The husbands. They got used to their way of life. Now, the traditional way of life must change. Everybody must change. If you dont give equal rights to women, you cant progress.
I always try to keep the circumstances in my life fresh. I like to change the physical environment I live in, change the people around me and try to experience things for the first time. I think that keeps one on their toes, creatively and spiritually.
Imagine if the pension funds and endowments that own much of the equity in our financial services companies demanded that those companies revisit the way mortgages were marketed to those without adequate skills to understand the products they were being sold. Management would have to change the way things were done.
One of the most important things that I did to turn my life around was to realize and to accept that from this minute, thats all we have. Everything that happened behind us we cannot change so you might as well look to the future.
One-third of Americans have already been forced to change their lifestyle because their disposable income is gone. A guy cant go to the corner bar after a rough day at work to have a beer, thats gone to oil!
The reality of split government puts a premium on creativity within the administration. President Obama needs to put the right people in charge of the agencies and then have them push the bounds of administrative power to change policy through those agencies. President Obama has a pretty good track record of this.
Im not going to change the world overnight. Its one person at a time, and hopefully theyre people in positions of power who can help people get in those roles and really, truly embrace colorblind casting.
Really, each era has its own false nostalgia. We all put a picket fence up around something. For my generation it was the 50s, and for other generations it will be something else. Change is scary for everyone, as is complexity, contradiction, and an uncertain future.
I always get bored with my hair. Thats why I would always change it throughout my career.
We may need to change the way we think. As in Israel, I think there should be a mandatory draft, where you go away for the service of your country for three years.
There was a great complexity to my father. He was a devoted family man. But, in the same breath, he simply was not suited to an anchored life. He should have been somebody who had a backpack, an old map, a bit of change in his pocket and that was it - roaming the world.
The world will change for the better when people decide they are sick and tired of being sick and tired of the way the world is, and decide to change themselves.
All we need, really, is a change from a near frigid to a tropical attitude of mind.
I moved to New York last year and I love it. Its a huge change and Ive always wanted to spend time there. Its like a more intense London, and everythings up a few notches. The lights are brighter, the pace is faster and the foods better.
Everything can change at any moment, suddenly and forever.
I was advised by an American agent when I was about 19 to change my surname.
When you have that window of opportunity called a crisis, move as quickly as you can, get as much done as you can. Theres a momentum for change thats very compelling.
When you have a tough loss, go through it and agonize. I had one loss that I still want to change, but at the same time I realize it is an important part of who I am.
Turbulence is life force. It is opportunity. Lets love turbulence and use it for change.
I thought, well, you might see curves there, but thats just a bone - so even if I lose weight thats not going to change anything. Thats how I look. Thats my shape. Do the math.
Look at all the buses now that want exact change, exact change. I figure if I give them exact change, they should take me exactly where I want to go.
Im a role model now. I didnt know I was gonna have 13-year-old fans, so Ive tried to change a few things here and there. But I also know that the girls dont want me to be Miley Cyrus, either.
As far as I was concerned, either I was a homosexual or I wasnt, so making films would change nothing.
I am going to get political on you. Because I am the most shallow person in the world, my mission is to see mens formal wear change a little bit. It is too rigid! Everybody looks like a penguin!
When characters change on screen, it makes you feel better about yourself. You think, Oh I change too, Im constantly becoming a better person.
If your life changes, we can change the world, too.
Aside from my work, in my everyday private life, Im not a very adventureous person. I dont look for change.
I just think were living in a time of massive, amazing change, like the Industrial Revolution on acid.
We may think there is willpower involved, but more likely... change is due to want power. Wanting the new addiction more than the old one. Wanting the new me in preference to the person I am now.
Too many people just eat to consume calories. Try dining for a change.
You must change in order to survive.
We are like a woman with a difficult pregnancy. We have to rebuild the social classes in Egypt, and we must change the way things were.
On the political front, of course its a zero-sum game. If its all white males holding positions, you bring 10 women in, then its, Women are coming! Get 10 blacks and its, Blacks are coming! Hispanics are coming! Zero-sum game. The seatmates might change but the chairs dont move. In the economy, the number of chairs can actually increase.
When Im bored or tired of being blonde, Ill throw on a wig. Its a lot less of a permanent way to change your look, and I have about 10 - all different colors, shapes, bobs, long hair, short, feathered.
I am artistic so I reserve the right to change my mind at any point. I just like to do different things. What is more important than the name is that people know that I really like acting, I enjoy it and I want people to know that I am serious.
Is there any wonder why we are in such big trouble? Any question why the people dont trust their government anymore, and demand a change?
I like the way my heart beats, I like the way I think I dont need or want anything to change that.
Fall is my favorite season in Los Angeles, watching the birds change color and fall from the trees.
Since Idol Ive gotten used to having an amazing hair and make-up team around me, so Im starting to get picky. I know what I like now and Im happy to say Could we maybe change that? if I dont like something. I dont yell or anything, but I think I could definitely start to act a little diva-ish when it comes to my look.
I think I can change the game.
As far as friendships go, things change even without the fame. People start moving on. I have a few friends that are married and are starting to have kids and Im like, Oh my goodness gracious - thats so insane. I also have friends who are just doing their own thing, which is cool.
If I have to change my lifestyle, I dont want to live.
Well... I had braces and I had to wear headgear! I loved my braces, actually. For me, they were like a piece of jewelry! Instead of the silver or pewter I had gold braces. It was so much fun, I loved them. I got to change the colors and stuff and I had the rubber bands.
I wouldnt change one thing about my professional life, and I make it a point not to dwell on my mistakes.
Christians should be ready for a change because Jesus was the greatest changer in history.
Im definitely open to change, but at the same time I am quite stubborn.
One of the things Ive always personally tried to stress with this band was to have some kind of visual aspect and to be consistent with it - like, not to change.
No foreigner has a place asking another people, another country, to change their constitution.
The only way to change is to vote. People are responsible.
You want to balance the budget in this country? We change the salary structure for Congress and the President. Every year they dont balance the budget, we dont pay them.
Change brings opportunities. On the other hand, change can be confusing.
Finishing food is about the tiny touches. In the last seconds you can change everything.
So I think its - what was important to me is that I found that I cant change the fact that people already have made an opinion about me. But I dont think that should stop me from trying to correct some of the misperceptions that are out there.
There are many challenges, there are many obstacles let us try to change the obstacles to advantages.
I dont change. The things around me change.
Doubt is an uneasy and dissatisfied state from which we struggle to free ourselves and pass into the state of belief while the latter is a calm and satisfactory state which we do not wish to avoid, or to change to a belief in anything else.
I was born left-handed, but I was made to use my other hand. When I was writing Famished Road, which was very long, I got repetitive stress syndrome. My right wrist collapsed, so I started using my left hand. The prose I wrote with my left hand came out denser, so later on I had to change it.
Whoever is content with the world, and who profits from its lack of justice, does not want to change it.
But I think its more that when youre young, youre invincible, youre immortal - or at least you think you are. The possibilities are limitless, youre inventing the future. Then you get older and suddenly you have a history. Its fixed. You cant change anything. I find that a bit disturbing, to be honest.
Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change.
If you continually write and read yourself as a fiction, you can change whats crushing you.
Obama has no power to change American policy because there are people who specialize in drawing these policies, which have been and still are hostile towards Islam.
I dont write for any group. I write to bring about a change in consciousness.
And I do believe that the way to change a society, to uplift people - not just their spirit, but to uplift their society and economic base - is through education.
I dont read reviews because by then its too late - whatever anyone says, the book wont change. It is written.
You know, Motorcycle Diaries has no incredible stories, no sudden plot twists, it doesnt play that way. Its about recognizing that instance of change and embracing it.
Sometimes when we are generous in small, barely detectable ways it can change someone elses life forever.
The Bush-Cheney administration had betrayed some basic American values. So there was hunger for change.
Id say that after my father passed my writing changed, it went deeper. Most would say matured but I dont think Id use that word in relation to my progress. I think change is a little more accurate.
I do genuinely believe that the political system is not linear. When it reaches a tipping point fashioned by a critical mass of opinion, the slow pace of change were used to will no longer be the norm. I see a lot of signs every day that were moving closer and closer to that tipping point.
There are those people who are in your corner no matter what, you cant do any wrong, even when you do wrong. And then there are those people that no matter what you do they are going to dislike you and thats not going to change.
Pick up a rifle and you change instantly from a subject to a citizen.
We are all born with a unique genetic blueprint, which lays out the basic characteristics of our personality as well as our physical health and appearance... And yet, we all know that life experiences do change us.
Injuries obviously change the way you approach the game.
I had a very insightful friend who warned me back when I stopped reading scripts, Its easier to change directions while youre still moving. If you stop, its harder to get started again. I still dont think I made the wrong decision, but he was right.
Styles, like everything else, change. Style doesnt.
We have no reason to think that climate change is harmful if you look at the world as a whole. Most places, in fact, are better off being warmer than being colder. And historically, the really bad times for the environment and for people have been the cold periods rather than the warm periods.
Its better to get smart than to get mad. I try not to get so insulted that I will not take advantage of an opportunity to persuade people to change their minds.
If you dont like the way the world is, you change it. You have an obligation to change it. You just do it one step at a time.
I wrote seven Myron Bolitar novels in a row, and I never want to write a Myron book where he just solves a crime. Every one of them I want to be personal, and I want him to grow and change. The problem with that is, it makes the series limited, you cant write a series where a guy is always going through some kind of crisis.
Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy.
A leopard does not change his spots, or change his feeling that spots are rather a credit.
The Howard Hughes I knew began to change after his plane crash in 1941.
I want art to make me think. In order to do that, it may piss me off, or make me uncomfortable. That promotes awareness and change, or at least some discussion.
Id be happy to be taken as a woman - and thats what I was initially trying to do when I started throwing on dresses and stuff. But that wasnt going to happen because everyone kept calling me sir. So I thought Id change the method and just start wearing what I wanted to wear.
Governments cannot make marriages or turn feckless individuals into responsible citizens. That needs another kind of change agent.
I dont want to clip on the armour every morning. Ive seen some politicians do this and they get a bit mangled and bitter. I just refuse to do that. I refuse to be angry or bitter or complain, and I remain open. I may sometimes be a bit too open but Im not going to change that one bit.
Much can and must be done by governments, but they cannot of themselves change lives.
Most of what needs to be changed in the euro zone can be done without treaty changes. The demand for treaty change is as political as it is legal and I dont think its going to happen soon.
Europe is dying. That is one of the unsayable truths of our time. We are undergoing the moral equivalent of climate change and no one is talking about it.
What creates freedom? A revolution in the streets? Mass protest? Civil war? A change of government? The ousting of the old guard and its replacement by the new? History, more often than not, shows that hopes raised by such events are often dashed, sooner rather than later.
My kid could get a bad X-ray and I could get a call from the doctor saying I have something growing in my bum and that would change my perspective on everything instantaneously, on what is and what is not important.
You do have to change things as warfare changes.
A mans character may be learned from the adjectives which he habitually uses in conversation.
Truthful words are not beautiful beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are not persuasive persuasive words are not good.
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
Electric communication will never be a substitute for the face of someone who with their soul encourages another person to be brave and true.
Im a great believer that any tool that enhances communication has profound effects in terms of how people can learn from each other, and how they can achieve the kind of freedoms that theyre interested in.
Any problem, big or small, within a family, always seems to start with bad communication. Someone isnt listening.
Take advantage of every opportunity to practice your communication skills so that when important occasions arise, you will have the gift, the style, the sharpness, the clarity, and the emotions to affect other people.
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isnt said.
I learned never to empty the well of my writing, but always to stop when there was still something there in the deep part of the well, and let it refill at night from the springs that fed it.
Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language.
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.
Communication is a skill that you can learn. Its like riding a bicycle or typing. If youre willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life.
Be still when you have nothing to say when genuine passion moves you, say what youve got to say, and say it hot.
Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
Every day I try to be in communication with the universe in an unconscious way.
The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy.
Bad human communication leaves us less room to grow.
Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success.
The communication of the dead is tongued with fire beyond the language of the living.
Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind.
There is no pleasure to me without communication: there is not so much as a sprightly thought comes into my mind that it does not grieve me to have produced alone, and that I have no one to tell it to.
Communication leads to community, that is, to understanding, intimacy and mutual valuing.
A man has a property in his opinions and the free communication of them.
In the last analysis, what we are communicates far more eloquently than anything we say or do.
Email, instant messaging, and cell phones give us fabulous communication ability, but because we live and work in our own little worlds, that communication is totally disorganized.
The thing that we are trying to do at facebook, is just help people connect and communicate more efficiently.
A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it.
No pleasure has any savor for me without communication.
Number one, cash is king... number two, communicate... number three, buy or bury the competition.
The desire to write grows with writing.
Good communication is just as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after.
But Im acutely aware that the possibility of fraud is even more prevalent in todays world because of the Internet and cell phones and the opportunity for instant communication with strangers.
My belief is that communication is the best way to create strong relationships.
He that communicates his secret to another makes himself that others slave.
No passion in the world is equal to the passion to alter someone elses draft.
Society cannot share a common communication system so long as it is split into warring factions.
The speed of communications is wondrous to behold. It is also true that speed can multiply the distribution of information that we know to be untrue.
There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen.
The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.
The more we elaborate our means of communication, the less we communicate.
The two words information and communication are often used interchangeably, but they signify quite different things. Information is giving out communication is getting through.
I believe in communication books communicate ideas and make bridges between people.
Pure truth cannot be assimilated by the crowd it must be communicated by contagion.
Extremists think communication means agreeing with them.
Self-expression must pass into communication for its fulfillment.
There are some people who have the quality of richness and joy in them and they communicate it to everything they touch. It is first of all a physical quality then it is a quality of the spirit.
Writing has nothing to do with communication between person and person, only with communication between different parts of a persons mind.
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.
Communication works for those who work at it.
I see dance being used as communication between body and soul, to express what it too deep to find for words.
To communicate through silence is a link between the thoughts of man.
It sounds so trite but in relationships, you have to communicate.
Communication is everyones panacea for everything.
I try to just communicate what I want done as clearly and simply as possible.
Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break.
Words, once they are printed, have a life of their own.
Mass communication, radio, and especially television, have attempted, not without success, to annihilate every possibility of solitude and reflection.
In communications, familiarity breeds apathy.
Without a possibility of change in meanings human communication could not perform its present functions.
The way you communicate an idea is different than the way you communicate a product.
Writing is a communication.
Sometimes there is a greater lack of communication in facile talking than in silence.
I am in favor of complete freedom of information and of free access to the new communication tools, in particular the Internet.
The need to write comes from the need to make sense of ones life and discover ones usefulness.
We dont communicate in full sentences anyway. We dont need all those words.
In my teaching, I enjoyed creating models to clearly communicate my thoughts.
It is not enough to show people how to live better: there is a mandate for any group with enormous powers of communication to show people how to be better.
If we ever start communicating with living creatures from other planets, the number one priority is, how are you going to communicate information? Even between different cultures here on Earth, you get into communication problems.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
Its like there are all these languages available, especially in terms of image. Why confine yourself to only English? Theres all these languages and possibilities and concepts to speak or communicate with.
Words and pictures can work together to communicate more powerfully than either alone.
If listeners arent carried away to Heaven, Im failing.
When you stop talking, youve lost your customer. When you turn your back, youve lost her.
Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible - the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family.
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know.
I think its fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool weve ever created. Theyre tools of communication, theyre tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user.
Animation can explain whatever the mind of man can conceive. This facility makes it the most versatile and explicit means of communication yet devised for quick mass appreciation.
The strong man is the one who is able to intercept at will the communication between the senses and the mind.
Trust is the glue of life. Its the most essential ingredient in effective communication. Its the foundational principle that holds all relationships.
Communication is a continual balancing act, juggling the conflicting needs for intimacy and independence. To survive in the world, we have to act in concert with others, but to survive as ourselves, rather than simply as cogs in a wheel, we have to act alone.
But behavior in the human being is sometimes a defense, a way of concealing motives and thoughts, as language can be a way of hiding your thoughts and preventing communication.
I think we have to face the reality that in a society where there is a legitimate threat of terrorism, not being able to see ones face, not being able to have some sense of communication in that way, is for many societies a challenge.
The Internet is the most important single development in the history of human communication since the invention of call waiting.
We shall never be able to remove suspicion and fear as potential causes of war until communication is permitted to flow, free and open, across international boundaries.
Two prisoners whose cells adjoin communicate with each other by knocking on the wall. The wall is the thing which separates them but is also their means of communication. It is the same with us and God. Every separation is a link.
A monopoly on the means of communication may define a ruling elite more precisely than the celebrated Marxian formula of monopoly in the means of production.
There are two barriers that often prevent communication between the young and their elders. The first is middle-aged forgetfulness of the fact that they themselves are no longer young. The second is youthful ignorance of the fact that the middle aged are still alive.
Communication is about being effective, not always about being proper.
The great work must inevitably be obscure, except to the very few, to those who like the author himself are initiated into the mysteries. Communication then is secondary: it is perpetuation which is important. For this only one good reader is necessary.
But communication is two-sided - vital and profound communication makes demands also on those who are to receive it... demands in the sense of concentration, of genuine effort to receive what is being communicated.
Nurses serve their patients in the most important capacities. We know that they serve as our first lines of communication when something goes wrong or when we are concerned about health.
Its a fact that more people watch television and get their information that way than read books. I find new technology and new ways of communication very exciting and would like to do more in this field.
Our most tragic error may have been our inability to establish a rapport and a confidence with the press and television with the communication media. I dont think the press has understood me.
One thing Ive learned to appreciate as Ive gotten a little older is direct forms of communication.
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight.
Evil communication corrupts good manners. I hope to live to hear that good communication corrects bad manners.
Societies have always been shaped more by the nature of the media by which men communicate than by the content of the communication.
A degree of lying - you know, white lies - seems to be inherent in all languages and all forms of communication.
The major advances in speed of communication and ability to interact took place more than a century ago. The shift from sailing ships to telegraph was far more radical than that from telephone to email!
And its absolutely true that male sexual behaviour and female responses to male demands change a lot when they start communicating - and the levels of the communication that Ive seen on the ground in very, very poor areas are so high and I think why dont we have that here?
We need men and women to sit down and talk to each other about sex honestly and openly. That would help us fight Aids so immediately. But our lack of communication is hugely problematic.
My stay-married secret would probably be exercising good communication, not when you have to but all the time. I think if you do that, you kinda just cleanse the situations, so theres not build up. I think thats probably the best way to do it.
I spent a lot of years on the road, and what happens is you find out who your real friends are and you find out where your strengths and weaknesses lie in communication. Ive had the same friends for 20 years now and I can count them on one hand.
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success are concentration, discrimination, organization, innovation and communication.
Music is about communication... it isnt just something that maybe physically sounds good or orally sounds interesting its something far, far deeper than that.
I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth - I just hate what is being done with it.
Making movies is not rocket science. Its about relationships and communication and strangers coming together to see if they can get along harmoniously, productively, and creatively. Thats a challenge. When it works, its fantastic and will lift you up. When it doesnt work, its almost just as fascinating.
To succeed, you will soon learn, as I did, the importance of a solid foundation in the basics of education - literacy, both verbal and numerical, and communication skills.
The first reason for the preponderant influence of those Evangelicals who define themselves as advocates of Religious Right theological and political ideologies is that they have both the financial means and technological know-how to make widespread use of modern electronic forms of communication.
And once you get instantaneous communication with everybody, you have economic activity thats far more advanced, far more liquid, far more distributed than ever before.
The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success.
Communication is so key.
But theater, because of its nature, both text, images, multimedia effects, has a wider base of communication with an audience. Thats why I call it the most social of the various art forms.
What is music anyway? Its a form of communication, and thats why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication.
There must be a reason why photographers are not very good at verbal communication. I think we get lazy.
Technique is communication: the two words are synonymous in conductors.
Im interested in the theater because Im interested in communication with audiences. Otherwise I would be in concert music.
I wont compare ants and people, but ants give us a useful model of how single members of a community can become so organized that they end up resembling, in effect, one big collective brain. Our own exploding population and communication technology are leading us that way.
The new artists coming through were very materialistic and Hollywood, not so engaged in communication.
In a way song writing can almost be detrimental, because suddenly you find an outlet that is a kind of cheating. You dont need to have direct communication. You can say, I cant describe it to you, but I will record it and send it to you.
That said, the question remains: how to strike the balance between free speech and mutual respect in this mixed-up world, both blessed and cursed with instant communication? We should not fight fire with fire, threats with threats.
I believe that no matter what you do in life, if you learn the basics through theater, it will help you in everything else - problem solving, communication, discipline, all of that stuff.
People make music to get a reaction. Music is communication.
What does music mean to me? I dont think I would really be much without it, without it coming through me. Its my means of communication, my means of growth, my means of transportation from one point in my life to another.
I cant be a hypocrite as a coach because as a player thats what I wanted. I wanted feedback, I wanted communication from the boss. I showed up for work, you can yell at me if you want, but I want input. So thats the kind of coach I want to be.
I speak onstage to try to establish some method of communication. The songs are supposed to be a way of communicating. But speech and drinks and sometimes chocolates are also a way of communicating.
The mind, in proportion as it is cut off from free communication with nature, with revelation, with God, with itself, loses its life, just as the body droops when debarred from the air and the cheering light from heaven.
Thats why I do this music business thing, its communication with people without having the extreme inconvenience of actually phoning anybody up.
Youre talking about a younger generation, Generation Y, whose interpersonal communication skills are different from Generation X. The younger generation is more comfortable saying something through a digital mechanism than even face to face.
We emphasize that such a form of communication is not absent in man, however evanescent a naturally given object may be for him, split as it is in its submission to symbols.
I never told a victim story about my imprisonment. Instead, I told a transformation story - about how prison changed my outlook, about how I saw that communication, truth, and trust are at the heart of power.
I thought my life was mapped out. Research, living in the forest, teaching and writing. But in 86 I went to a conference and realised the chimpanzees were disappearing. I had worldwide recognition and a gift of communication. I had to use them.
People recognize certain things, like D means this dialogue stinks. Were dealing with shows that are written here, shot in New York and posted back here. Accurate communication is a necessity.
My wife and I have built trust with our children and have always had open communication.
I dont think there has been enough communication between the players and the tournaments. In one sense its just as much the players fault. Players talk between each other and in the locker room about things that can be improved and then when the time comes to talk and really do something about it they stop.
I slept for four years. I didnt study much of anything. I majored in something called communication arts.
Anonymous blog comments, vapid video pranks and lightweight mash-ups may seem trivial and harmless, but as a whole, this widespread practice of fragmentary, impersonal communication has demeaned personal interaction.
Its populated by people who, by and large, have terrific communication skills. Every day is an extraordinary day. For me, it was just a great area for storytelling.
The thing Ive come to learn is that whats great about small independent films is the intimacy and the communication that occurs when youre making them.
I dont understand why people whose entire lives or their corporate success depends on communication, and yet they are led on occasion by CEOs who cannot talk their way out of a paper bag and dont care to.
Ideology and communication more often than not run into each other rather than complement each other. Principle and communication work together. Ideology and communication often work apart.
I do a little fact checking now and then. Other than that its impact is simply that email has revolutionized communication for me, and my website has built up a community of readers, which is a lot of fun.
Civilization grew in the beginning from the minute that we had communication - particularly communication by sea that enabled people to get inspiration and ideas from each other and to exchange basic raw materials.
The level of communication you can achieve with an infant is really profound.
There is a world of communication which is not dependent on words.
During the past few decades, modern technology, with radio, TV, air travel, and satellites, has woven a network of communication which puts each part of the world in to almost instant contact with all the other parts.
Im talking to you and its basically a direct communication, whereas if Im writing a letter to you and you read the letter, there are like 12 extra deconstruction and reconstruction steps in the communication.
I understand why people went nuts for The Artist. We use words so much, its nice to be able to explore a different way of communication, to be able to express silently what someone - or something - is thinking or feeling.
The art of communication is the language of leadership.
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard.
Its a difficult undertaking. Ive been married for four years and I see this movie as a cautionary tale about people whove gone deeply out of communication.
As a whole, the managers today are different in temperament. Most have very good communication skills and are more understanding of the umpires job. That doesnt mean they are better managers. It just means that I perceive todays managers a bit differently.
The thing that Ive always been slightly frustrated with, was that the idea of a CD is kind of confined to a material possession that you can put on a shelf. And the idea of music, for me, is always about both the communication and the sharing of content. And so the interactive part is missing.
Theres all these ways to instantly communicate - cars, computers, telephone and transportation - and even with all that, its so hard to find people and have an honest communication with them.
The filmmaking process is a very personal one to me, I mean it really is a personal kind of communication. Its not as though its a study of fear or any of that stuff.
Just as characteristic, perhaps, is the intellectual interdependence created through the development of the modern media of communication: post, telegraph, telephone, and popular press.
No one who set out to design a form of communication would ever end up with anything like English, Mandarin, or any of the more than six thousand languages spoken today.
We have to realize only in communication, in real knowledge, in real reaching out, can there be an understanding that theres humanity everywhere, and thats what Im trying to do.
Ive worked very hard in this book to keep the lines of communication open. I dont want to turn someone away from this information for partisan political reasons.
After all, its the future of business communication that were looking toward.
By and large, the critics and readers gave me an affirmed sense of my identity as a writer. You might know this within yourself, but to have it affirmed by others is of utmost importance. Writing is, after all, a form of communication.
To conclude: good journalism is one of the models of good conversation and communication in the wider social context.
Eventually, it is found out but it takes time especially in the conditions when communication is difficult, when the enemy is making it extremely awkward for information to come out, to go.
A world community can exist only with world communication, which means something more than extensive short-wave facilities scattered about the globe. It means common understanding, a common tradition, common ideas, and common ideals.
I love the rehearsal process in the theatre, and the visceral sense of contact and communication with a live audience.
Being a good Hans Haacke student, part of his influence on me is that theres no difference between a gallery show and a film - or even an ad and a T-shirt-in terms of cultural legitimacy. Theyre just different contexts in which to have some sort of communication.
Music and politics are in essence about communication. Without over-stretching the analogy I do feel a sense of rhythm is important in getting your message across.
This communication alone, by the comparison of the antagonisms, rivalries, movements which give birth to decisive moments, permits the evolution of the soul, whereby a man realizes himself on earth. It is impossible to be concerned with anything else in art.
There are people still in the Republican Party that I believe practice the communication of anger, of disappointment, of regret, of pain, of sorrow, of suffering. Thats not what the American people want to hear.
Republicans use think tanks to come up with a lot of their messages. The think tanks are the single worst, most undisciplined example of communication Ive ever seen.
Power in America today is control of the means of communication.
As everyone in Louisiana knows, there was often no communication or coordination between the state and federal government in the aftermath of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.
It has to be able to play at the maximum expression and communication in every style, and the only way you can do that is - like Verdi said - working with a file, every day, little by little, until the orchestras collective qualities emerge.
I feel like I was writing as I was learning to talk. Writing was always a go-to form of communication. And I knew I could sing from being in tune with the radio.
I feel like I was writing as I was learning to talk. Writing was always a go to form of communication.
That was when I realised that music is the most profound, magical form of communication there is.
There is no roles. No one is keeping any roles. The drummer is also answering everybody and everything. So it is a constant conversation and communication between musicians on an extremely high level with extremely valuable material, motifs, and melodies.
Yet, in spite of this world-wide system of linkages, there is, at this very moment, a general feeling that communication is breaking down everywhere, on an unparalleled scale.
The waste of capital, in proportion to the total capital, in this country between 1800 and 1850, in the attempts which were made to establish means of communication and transportation, was enormous.
I mean, what is music anyway? Its a form of communication - at least for me it is. And thats why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.
Walt put everything he knew about communication with images into the park, so it was very familiar.
I started on the use of the Internet for scientific communication. Our research group was one of the very first to make really systematic use of it as a way of managing research projects.
It is quite an illusion to imagine that one adjusts to reality essentially without the use of language and that language is merely an incidental means of solving specific problems of communication or reflection.
But I absolutely believe that architecture is a social activity that has to do with some sort of communication or places of interaction, and that to change the environment is to change behaviour.
Measured in time of transport and communication, the whole round globe is now smaller than a small European country was a hundred years ago.
I didnt know folk music growing up, no. Its something Ive come to study, really, because I think theres so much to learn from traditional music in the sense of the way music began as a way of communication, the traveling storyteller, the bard, the minstrels.
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
On the other hand, in a society whose communication component is becoming more prominent day by day, both as a reality and as an issue, it is clear that language assumes a new importance.
Now it is evident that a little insight into the customs of every people is necessary to insure a kindly communication this, joined with patience and kindness, will seldom fail with the natives of the interior.
Communication is the key, and its one thing I had to learn-to talk to the actors. I was so involved with the visual and technical aspects that I would forget about the actors.
On the other hand, the American public possesses a great resilience and strength, and good risk communication strategies can tap into and even amplify those assets.
Music is a very personal and emotional form of communication.
Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time, that that would be one of their main forms of communication.
Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time, that that would be one of their main forms of communication. And so many times, these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times, were putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like theyre 40 years old.
I find that communication as an actor and person is an important part of who I am. And Im really drawn into the psychology of those dynamics.
These sites have torn down the geographical divide that once prevented long distance social relationships from forming, allowing instant communication and connections to take place and a virtual second life to take hold for its users.
The Internet has brought communities across the globe closer together through instant communication.
I agree that it is not just the extremists who harbor bad thoughts or engage in bad acts, but they are usually the source of the polarization and try to keep education and communication of the main stream from moving forward.
One of them, for example, which will probably haunt me more than any other is the problem of communication.
Its so important for those living with chronic pain to establish good communication with both their healthcare professionals and caregivers. Clear communication about pain is vital to receiving proper diagnosis and effective treatment.
The biggest lesson Ive learned by living abroad for the last four years is the importance of communication.
Being a good television screenwriter requires an understanding of the way film accelerates the communication of words.
The inventions and the great discoveries have opened up whole continents to reciprocal communication and interchange, provided we are willing.
It is difficult to imagine how any behavior in the presence of another person can avoid being a communication of ones own view of the nature of ones relationship with that person and how it can fail to influence that person.
The thing I do, really, is a communication with audiences more than any achievement through records.
I follow my conscience - and this is upsetting to some people, but I maintain the conscience is going to be the only thing between us and communication in the future.
However, even during the preparations for action, we laid our plans in such a manner that should there be progress through diplomatic negotiation, we would be well prepared to cancel operations at the latest moment that communication technology would have permitted.
When first starting to work with someone you try to get them in the same mindset that you were in when you were successful, and I realized the best thing you can ever do is realize that they are not you. They have a different persona and mindset, and you have to figure out what works best within your communication with that athlete.
Yes, it must be something that goes very well with my voice, lets say something that I understand that this would be good communication with the others, and I dont pretend for instance, to look for music that would be something that doesnt go with my personality.
Today, most young women are exposed to technology at a very young age, with mobile phones, tablets, the Web or social media. They are much more proficient with technology than prior generations since they use it for all their school work, communication and entertainment.
But if I can be convinced and then through the work that we do together, the orchestra can really be convinced of the big sweep of that communication that the piece suggests, then the audience will get it and it will be a good experience for all of us.
People arent going to talk about it except me and that is communication and the visits I have personally had in our meetings with our store managers saying if you do these things you will be terminated, period.
I have a very open line of communication with both my children.
Without television and mass communication, that knowledge wouldnt exist. So I think it actually has the possibility of turning people into more understanding and more empathetic people.
So as I look at transitioning to the communication platforms of the future, I see that the beauty of Internet protocols is you get the separation of the layers between service and technology.
I think sex is very interesting for most people, but Im interested in sex as a way of communication, Im not that interested in the fantasy version of a sex scene.
Unlike then, the mail stream of today has diminished by such things as e-mails and faxes and cell phones and text messages, largely electronic means of communication that replace mail.
Im glad you asked that question, because of any musical situation Ive been in, the communication feels great here with Russell. He really pays close attention to what Im doing because he cares.
In this great age of communication, there a lot of people you cant actually understand. I know everyone tweets, and twits and texts and all that, but actually weve all got voices, and it is awfully nice to hear them and if you can understand what people are saying.
The nations of the West hope that by means of steam communication all the world will become as one family.
But despite the universality of URLs, we often forget that theyre not just a handy way to address network resources. Theyre also valuable communication tools.
When I did it with Johnny, it was almost a telepathic kind of communication.
I shall suggest, on the contrary, that all communication relies, to a noticeable extent on evoking knowledge that we cannot tell, and that all our knowledge of mental processes, like feelings or conscious intellectual activities, is based on a knowledge which we cannot tell.
Poetry is the communication through words of certain experiences that can be communicated in no other way.
Anybody who thinks that getting a communication from a voter in your district is spam - that guy is pork. Roast pork unless he changes his point of view.
Its communication - thats what theatre is all about.
Music is the social act of communication among people, a gesture of friendship, the strongest there is.
The eventual place the American army should take on the western front was to a large extent influenced by the vital question of communication and supply.
God joins us together by means of the body, in consequence of the laws of the communication of movements. He affects us with the same feelings in consequence of the laws of the conjunction of body and soul.
Their spirituality was in nature, even though Emerson was a preacher on the pulpit, he ended up going out into nature for direct, face-to-face communication with God, if you want to call all of this creation part of God.
I dont start with a design objective, I start with a communication objective. I feel my project is successful if it communicates what it is supposed to communicate.
I didnt have a lot of communication with Elvis. You had to go through a barricade to get to Elvis. It was people hanging on every word, and I felt very uncomfortable a lot of times.
Gradually I became aware of details: a company of French soldiers was marching through the streets of the town. They broke formation, and went in single file along the communication trench leading to the front line. Another group followed them.
I do not pretend to know precisely what is on foot there but I think it pretty evident that there is a very free communication between that country and this body, and unless I am greatly mistaken, I see the dwarfish medium by which that communication is kept up.
If you improve a teachers self-esteem, confidence, communication skills or stress levels, you improve that teachers overall effectiveness across the curriculum.
Canadas a huge country, so to be able to unite the country through communication satellite technology or to be able to observe it through remote sensing technology from space is a natural fit for a country like Canada.
States are looking for low-cost solutions that will enable better communication, while avoiding the danger in which the chain of command breaks down in emergencies. We do not want everyone talking to everyone else all the time.
Significant officials at publicly traded companies are casually and cavalierly engaged in insider trading. Because insider trading has as one of its elements communication, it doesnt take rocket science to realize its nice to have the communication on tape.
With Jackson there was quiet solitude. Just to sit and look at the landscape. An inner quietness. After dinner, to sit on the back porch and look at the light. No need for talking. For any kind of communication.
Today, comics is one of the very few forms of mass communication in which individual voices still have a chance to be heard.
My mother and I always had full adult communication.
You dont have any communication between the Israelis and the Iranians. You have all sorts of local triggers for conflict. Having countries act on a hair trigger - where they cant afford to be second to strike - the potential for a miscalculation or a nuclear war through inadvertence is simply too high.
The church acknowledges some Scientologists choose to sever communications with family members who leave. The church says it is a fundamental human right to cease communication with someone. It adds disconnection is used against expelled members and those who attack the church.
We know that communication must be hampered, and its form largely determined, by the unconscious but inevitable influence of a transmitting mechanism, whether that be of a merely mechanical or of a physiological character.
The Internet has changed everything. We expect to know everything instantly. If you dont understand digital communication, youre at a disadvantage.
The other thing about FEMA, my understanding is that it was supposed to move into the Department of Homeland Security... and be what it was, but also having a lot of lateral communication with all those others involved in that issue of homeland security.
My two daughters live on Facebook, and social media is their mode of communication.
You know, Quincy Jones was a great mentor, but he was a man in a mans world. Fortunately hes a very sensitive man and a beautiful human being, and even though he was 14 or 15 years older than me, hes a capable human being and has great communication skills.
The fact that we are I dont know how many millions of people, yet communication, complete communication, is completely impossible between two of those people, is to me one of the biggest tragic themes in the world.
People break down after a couple of hours. All the defenses go down, and theres a kind of communication that if I spent 20 years in a living room with one of these people, I would never, never know as much about them as I do in that one day.
Its about communication. Its about honesty. Its about treating people in the organization as deserving to know the facts. You dont try to give them half the story. You dont try to hide the story. You treat them as - as true equals, and you communicate and you communicate and communicate.
Strange about parents. We have such easy access to them and such daunting problems of communication.
Illiteracy is rampant. People are out of communication.
The speed of communication, the speed of information transfer, the cheapness of communication, the ease of moving things around the world are a difference in kind as well as degree.
As soon as you judge communication a little more rigorously, there is a possibility that the message will not be democratized. I have to say what I believe to be right. I have to spread out the statement among all the means of expression available to us at present.
The interest in the supernatural in a very generic sense and in the spiritual is not in itself a factor that helps the communication of the Christian faith.
The more elaborate our means of communication, the less we communicate.
We intend to keep the lines of communication open with the Defense Department so we can help our border law enforcement agencies navigate the equipment application process.
It is vital that the United States maintains open lines of communication with our allies. We must assure them of our commitment to eradicating global terrorism wherever it may reside or wherever its given haven.
As our country increasingly relies on electronic information storage and communication, it is imperative that our Government amend our information security laws accordingly.
The first work of the director is to set a mood so that the actors work can take place, so that the actor can create. And in order to do that, you have to communicate, communicate with the actors. And direction is about communication on all levels.
I have seen that technology has contributed to improved communication, that its contributed to better health care, that its contributed to better food supplies, that it has contributed to all the basic human needs.
But picketing - picketing for or against something, and handing out literature - these are conspicuously formal actions. They have to be understood as indirect communication.
All poetry has to do is to make a strong communication. All the poet has to do is listen. The poet is not an important fellow. There will also be another poet.
The communication is in the work and words are no substitute for this.
You know, my dad wasnt a photographer or filmmaker by profession, but on Sundays, he would take pictures of me and my family or his pals horseback riding, and it was a means of communication and affection, a means of not being so dysfunctional with each other.
I work on OpenBSD fulltime, as the project leader. I set some directions, increase communication between the developers, and try to be involved in nearly every aspect of the base system.
My approach is so simple every song I sing, every story I tell, every move I make, must move the audience to laughter, tears, or inspiration. Otherwise, why do it? Its the communication.
I wrote somewhere during the Cold War that I sometimes wish the Iron Curtain were much taller than it is, so that you could see whether the development of science with no communication was parallel on the two sides. In this case it certainly wasnt.
Mental communication without verbalization... all space is made up of waves and we are constantly sending and receiving messages from our brain.
The first legislation that I produced relating to the Internet was a bill to overturn a restriction inside of the law that prohibited the Internet backbone from being used for anything other than research and scientific and educational communication.
Music is the greatest communication in the world. Even if people dont understand the language that youre singing in, they still know good music when they hear it.
Communication is very important. And the arts do that, whether its film or theater.
To devise an information processing system capable of getting along on its own - it must handle its own problems of programming, bookkeeping, communication and coordination with its users. It must appear to its users as a single, integrated personality.
If anything characterizes the cultural life of the seventies in America, it is an insistence on preventing failures of communication.
Tim and Fritz Lang I loved working with. Not Hitchcock so much. There was no communication.
It frequently happens that two persons, reasoning right on a mechanical subject, think alike and invent the same thing without any communication with each other.
Art must unquestionably have a social value that is, as a potential means of communication it must be addressed, and in comprehensible terms, to the understanding of mankind.
In 1984, I turned to theater in the hopes of finding a more direct form of communication between me and my people.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Computers are like Old Testament gods lots of rules and no mercy.
I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. Weve created life in our own image.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
I think its fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool weve ever created. Theyre tools of communication, theyre tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user.
Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do dont need to be done.
Computers are magnificent tools for the realization of our dreams, but no machine can replace the human spark of spirit, compassion, love, and understanding.
Security is, I would say, our top priority because for all the exciting things you will be able to do with computers - organizing your lives, staying in touch with people, being creative - if we dont solve these security problems, then people will hold back.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest.
The new information technology... Internet and e-mail... have practically eliminated the physical costs of communications.
Personally, I rather look forward to a computer program winning the world chess championship. Humanity needs a lesson in humility.
Computers may save time but they sure waste a lot of paper. About 98 percent of everything printed out by a computer is garbage that no one ever reads.
A wonderful thing about a book, in contrast to a computer screen, is that you can take it to bed with you.
Never trust a computer you cant throw out a window.
The computer is a moron.
Treat your password like your toothbrush. Dont let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months.
I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. Its not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. Its the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is Delete.
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog.
I am not the only person who uses his computer mainly for the purpose of diddling with his computer.
The Internet: transforming society and shaping the future through chat.
The basis of computer work is predicated on the idea that only the brain makes decisions and only the index finger does the work.
Think? Why think! We have computers to do that for us.
No one ever said on their deathbed, Gee, I wish I had spent more time alone with my computer.
I was afraid of the internet... because I couldnt type.
Its hardware that makes a machine fast. Its software that makes a fast machine slow.
Many of our own people here in this country do not ask about computers, telephones and television sets. They ask - when will we get a road to our village.
Its been my policy to view the Internet not as an information highway, but as an electronic asylum filled with babbling loonies.
Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.
Man, I dont want to have nothing to do with computers. I dont want the government in my business.
Computing is not about computers any more. It is about living.
Reading computer manuals without the hardware is as frustrating as reading manuals without the software.
To err is human but to really foul up requires a computer.
In the practical world of computing, it is rather uncommon that a program, once it performs correctly and satisfactorily, remains unchanged forever.
Because I believe that humans are computers, I conjectured that computers, like people, can have left- and right-handed versions.
People think computers will keep them from making mistakes. Theyre wrong. With computers you make mistakes faster.
Computers are famous for being able to do complicated things starting from simple programs.
I wouldnt know how to find eBay on the computer if my life depended on it.
Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs founded Apple Inc, which set the computing world on its ear with the Macintosh in 1984.
Were entering a new world in which data may be more important than software.
Shareware tends to combine the worst of commercial software with the worst of free software.
I happen to think that computers are the most important thing to happen to musicians since the invention of cat-gut which was a long time ago.
The power of the computer is starting to spread.
One of the most feared expressions in modern times is The computer is down.
Access to computers and the Internet has become a basic need for education in our society.
If you could utilize the resources of the end users computers, you could do things much more efficiently.
In computing, turning the obvious into the useful is a living definition of the word frustration.
Nanotechnology will let us build computers that are incredibly powerful. Well have more power in the volume of a sugar cube than exists in the entire world today.
What I was proud of was that I used very few parts to build a computer that could actually speak words on a screen and type words on a keyboard and run a programming language that could play games. And I did all this myself.
You couldnt have fed the 50s into a computer and come out with the 60s.
If you like overheads, youll love PowerPoint.
Modern people are only willing to believe in their computers, while I believe in myself.
The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim.
Computers have virtually replaced tape recorders.
The good news about computers is that they do what you tell them to do. The bad news is that they do what you tell them to do.
We can do things that we never could before. Stop-motion lets you build tiny little worlds, and computers make that world even more believable.
If your computer speaks English, it was probably made in Japan.
I just became one with my browser software.
Computers in classrooms are the filmstrips of the 1990s.
When I write software, I know that it will fail, either due to my own mistake, or due to some other cause.
Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining.
I started on an Apple II, which I had bought at the very end of 1978 for half of my annual income. I made $4,500 a year, and I spent half of it on the computer.
The only legitimate use of a computer is to play games.
Every piece of software written today is likely going to infringe on someone elses patent.
Even in the developing parts of the world, kids take to computers like fish to water.
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.
Gee, I am a complete Luddite when it comes to computers, I can barely log on!
You cant trust the internet.
I got up with my wife, I sat down at the computer when she went to work, and I didnt stop until she got home.
The Internet is not just one thing, its a collection of things - of numerous communications networks that all speak the same digital language.
Even when I work with computers, with high technology, I always try to put in the touch of the hand.
Bill Gates is the pope of the personal computer industry. He decides whos going to build.
I am regularly asked what the average Internet user can do to ensure his security. My first answer is usually Nothing youre screwed.
Yet in this global economy, no jobs are safe. High-speed Internet connections and low-cost, skilled labor overseas are an explosive combination.
The future lies in designing and selling computers that people dont realize are computers at all.
I do two things. I design mobile computers and I study brains.
The Internet is a powerful way to make lots of money... But we are not going to buy Yahoo!
Supercomputers will achieve one human brain capacity by 2010, and personal computers will do so by about 2020.
Im too old-fashioned to use a computer. Im too old-fashioned to use a quill.
What do we want our kids to do? Sweep up around Japanese computers?
Right now, computers, which are supposed to be our servant, are oppressing us.
I got interested in computers and how they could be enslaved to the megalomaniac impulses of a teenager.
What I try to do is factor in how people use computers, what peoples problems are, and how these technologies can get applied to those problems. Then I try to direct the various product groups to act on this information.
We demand privacy, yet we glorify those that break into computers.
Software comes from heaven when you have good hardware.
Im a 70s mom, and my daughter is a 90s mom. I know a lot of women my age who are real computer freaks.
The digital revolution is far more significant than the invention of writing or even of printing.
The internet is not for sissies.
If net neutrality goes away, it will fundamentally change everything about the Internet.
Ive tried word processors, but I think Im too old a dog to use one.
As a rule, software systems do not work well until they have been used, and have failed repeatedly, in real applications.
What we did not imagine was a Web of people, but a Web of documents.
Computers make me totally blank out.
Computers themselves, and software yet to be developed, will revolutionize the way we learn.
Were going to be able to ask our computers to monitor things for us, and when certain conditions happen, are triggered, the computers will take certain actions and inform us after the fact.
This is what customers pay us for - to sweat all these details so its easy and pleasant for them to use our computers. Were supposed to be really good at this. That doesnt mean we dont listen to customers, but its hard for them to tell you what they want when theyve never seen anything remotely like it.
I just think people have a lot of fiction. But, you know, I mean, the real story of Facebook is just that weve worked so hard for all this time. I mean, the real story is actually probably pretty boring, right? I mean, we just sat at our computers for six years and coded.
Few companies that installed computers to reduce the employment of clerks have realized their expectations... They now need more, and more expensive clerks even though they call them operators or programmers.
There is no heaven or afterlife for broken-down computers that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark.
There is a computer disease that anybody who works with computers knows about. Its a very serious disease and it interferes completely with the work. The trouble with computers is that you play with them!
There is a real danger that computers will develop intelligence and take over. We urgently need to develop direct connections to the brain so that computers can add to human intelligence rather than be in opposition.
Globalization, as defined by rich people like us, is a very nice thing... you are talking about the Internet, you are talking about cell phones, you are talking about computers. This doesnt affect two-thirds of the people of the world.
Computers and the Internet have made it really easy to rant. Its made everyone overly opinionated.
The real story of Facebook is just that weve worked so hard for all this time. I mean, the real story is actually probably pretty boring, right? I mean, we just sat at our computers for six years and coded.
Sci-fi films are the epic films of the day because we can no longer put 10,000 extras in the scene - but we can draw thousands of aliens with computers.
Dont try to be like Jackie. There is only one Jackie. Study computers instead.
Im interested in all kinds of pictures, however they are made, with cameras, with paint brushes, with computers, with anything.
Thats what happens nowadays with people working on computers. They can so easily fix things with their mouse and take out all the, Oh, somebody coughed in the background we need to take that out - or somebody hit a bad note. Those are all the best moments.
Google is working on self-driving cars, and they seem to work. People are so bad at driving cars that computers dont have to be that good to be much better.
Were getting so pulled in by computers and technology, and our kids have their face in the computers all day. The human relationship is being diminished by this.
I have a crazy amount of different jobs, so the way I manage that is to not do more than one at a time. Its like old computers that had small memory chips, they would do something called swapping, where they would fill the memory with one task, do it and get it out.
Electronic aids, particularly domestic computers, will help the inner migration, the opting out of reality. Reality is no longer going to be the stuff out there, but the stuff inside your head. Its going to be commercial and nasty at the same time.
People are so bad at driving cars that computers dont have to be that good to be much better. Any time you stand in line at the D.M.V. and look around, youre like, Oh, my God, I wish all these people were replaced by computer drivers.
Technology is like water it wants to find its level. So if you hook up your computer to a billion other computers, it just makes sense that a tremendous share of the resources you want to use - not only text or media but processing power too - will be located remotely.
It was used for decades to describe talented computer enthusiasts, people whose skill at using computers to solve technical problems and puzzles was - and is - respected and admired by others possessing similar technical skills.
Why does everyone think the future is space helmets, silver foil, and talking like computers, like a bad episode of Star Trek?
I understand that computers, which I once believed to be but a hermaphrodite typewriter-cum-filing cabinet, offer the cyber literate increased ability to communicate. I do not think this is altogether a bad thing, however it may appear on the surface.
You have riches and freedom here but I feel no sense of faith or direction. You have so many computers, why dont you use them in the search for love?
I use many different gadgets connected with computers I use PCs, laptops and a Palm Pilot. I also use the Internet to visit websites, especially within Polish-language Internet. I usually go to political discussion groups and sites - of course, as I use my real name, people never believe that they are chatting with me!
Im not afraid of computers taking over the world.
I dont know anything about computers.
I get hired to hack into computers now and sometimes its actually easier than it was years ago.
Beatbullyings The Big March 2012 is such a brilliant campaign and I am very proud to be a part of it. I have been a victim of cyber bullying myself and I know firsthand just how hurtful it can be. People think that they can hide behind computers and send nasty and hurtful comments to people, and this is wrong.
Today, computers are almost second nature to most of us.
Ive always been at the intersection of computers and whatever they can revolutionize.
In the past, missionaries have traveled to far countries with the message of the gospel - with great hardship and often with the loss of life. In contrast, we can reach millions instantly from the comfort of our homes by merely hitting the send button on our computers, or with iPads, or phones.
Keep in mind that there are computers, that do touch things up. Like when I got a hold of the poster for Gold Diggers, I said: Hey, wait a minute! Those arent my teeth!
It always helps to be a good programmer. It is important to like computers and to be able to think of things people would want to do with their computers.
The technological revolution at home makes it much easier for computers to do our work.
I wish people would turn off their computers, go outside, talk to people, touch people, lick people, enjoy each others company and smell each other on the rump.
The Semantic Web is not a separate Web but an extension of the current one, in which information is given well-defined meaning, better enabling computers and people to work in cooperation.
We could say we want the Web to reflect a vision of the world where everything is done democratically. To do that, we get computers to talk with each other in such a way as to promote that ideal.
It appears that the media filters we carry in our heads are like computers: theyve been forced to get faster in order to keep up with the demands our high-speed society puts on them.
Musicians and journalists are the canaries in the coalmine, but, eventually, as computers get more and more powerful, it will kill off all middle-class professions.
I am of the very last generation who didnt have computers at school. As we grow old well become something of an aberration.
Our lives sometimes depend on computers performing as predicted.
The only thing I do on a computer is play Texas Hold Em, really. Obviously my cell phone is a computer. My car is a computer. Im on computers every day without actively seeking them out.
The next major explosion is going to be when genetics and computers come together. Im talking about an organic computer - about biological substances that can function like a semiconductor.
I look like a geeky hacker, but I dont know anything about computers.
Yeah, computers are going to take over the programming business because they have become so fast recently that they can solve the Halting Problem in five seconds flat.
I think I thought it would be important for electronics as we knew it then, but that was a much simpler business and electronics was mostly radio and television and the first computers.
When I launched the development of the GNU system, I explicitly said the purpose of developing this system is so we can use our computers and have freedom, thus if you use some other free system instead but you have freedom, then its a success. Its not popularity for our code but its success for our goal.
The great advance of personal computers was not the computing power per se but the fact that it brought it right to your face, that you had control over it, that were confronted with it and could steer it.
Im a very simple person. I dont use computers.
With our work at Kazaa, we began seeing growing broadband connections and more powerful computers and more streaming multimedia, and we saw that the traditional way of communicating by phone no longer made a lot of sense.
When Im not writing or tweaking my computer, I do embroidery. When Im not plunging into the past, tweaking, or embroidering, Im reading books about history, computers, or embroidery.
Theres all these ways to instantly communicate - cars, computers, telephone and transportation - and even with all that, its so hard to find people and have an honest communication with them.
Im really anti-option, so computers have been my nightmare with recording. I dont want endless tracks I want less tracks. I want decisions to be made.
I was a Duck Hunt and Mario guy, and stuff like that. I was never technologically driven. I never had all the cool, new toys. I was the youngest child, I wasnt the only child, so I wasnt spoiled as a kid. And, we were on the farm, so we didnt have a lot. Also, with computers, Im not very good with them. I just check my email.
Were just into toys, whether its motorcycles or race cars or computers. Ive got the Palm Pilot right here with me, Ive got the worlds smallest phone. Maybe its just because Im still a big little kid and I just love toys, you know?
Anyway, all these computers and digital gadgets are no good. They just fill your head with numbers and that cant be good for you.
My whole life had been designing computers I could never build.
At our computer club, we talked about it being a revolution. Computers were going to belong to everyone, and give us power, and free us from the people who owned computers and all that stuff.
My goal wasnt to make a ton of money. It was to build good computers.
Weve lost touch and allowed technology to take precedence over organic nature. But lets not forget that those microchips in our computers came from elements of the earth.
When I grew up we had gym at school, two or three dance classes after school, ice skating lessons, and all sorts of sports at our finger tips. We werent glued to computers because they didnt exist, so being active was all we knew.
In fact, technology has been the story of human progress from as long back as we know. In 100 years people will look back on now and say, That was the Internet Age. And computers will be seen as a mere ingredient to the Internet Age.
Kids today are smarter than we ever were. And theyve got computers, too, which is awesome. Theyre scary to me.
A lot of journalists like to suck up to celebrities, and then as soon as theyre a safe distance away at their computers, they take shots. But thats the way society has become, especially in pop culture.
I take computers practically apart and put them back together. I have a supercomputer I built over the years out of different computers.
Im projecting somewhere between 100 million and 200 million computers on the Net by the end of December 2000, and about 300 million users by that same time.
I know so many people who actually just watch television on their computers now and dont even really watch their TV anymore.
You can involve yourself in electronics, computers, puzzles... theres a lot of creativity and brain working. Theres a lot to model trains that people dont realize.
Man-made computers are limited in their performance by finite processing speed and memory. So, too, the cosmic computer is limited in power by its age and the finite speed of light.
From cell phones to computers, quality is improving and costs are shrinking as companies fight to offer the public the best product at the best price. But this philosophy is sadly missing from our health-care insurance system.
I think we are at the very beginning of high changes, not only in terms of digital film, but in the way the movies will be screened, whether theyll be screened on phones, on computers - on everything.
You have to wait for people to program you. The only difference is the amount of people that youre going to reach but thats going to even out in the next two or three years anyway. Computers are being bought faster than televisions right now.
To me, there is something superbly symbolic in the fact that an astronaut, sent up as assistant to a series of computers, found that he worked more accurately and more intelligently than they. Inside the capsule, man is still in charge.
One of the problems with computers, particularly for the older people, is they were befuddled by them, and the computers have gotten better. They have gotten easier to use. They have gotten less expensive. The software interfaces have made things a lot more accessible.
One of the biggest challenges we had in the first decade was not that many people had personal computers. There werent that many people to sell to, and it was hard to identify them.
Most of the musicians that I know almost to the man everybody uses Apple computers. Theyve thought of the steps that youre going to think of when youre trying to create your thing. And thats where the tools get invented to make better art.
If the machines can take the drudgery out of it and just leave us with the joy of drawing, then thats the best of both worlds - and Ill use those computers!
The ownership of computers in the home is far less than the statistics show, because usually when the computer breaks down once, that is the end of it for a long, long time. They do not have the money or incentive to get the computer repaired.
People assume that computers will do everything that humans do. Not good. People are different from each other and they are all really different from computers.
Your car should drive itself. Its amazing to me that we let humans drive cars... Its a bug that cars were invented before computers.
Computers, like automobiles and airplanes, do only what people tell them to do.
Ive never had Internet access. Actually, I have looked at things on other peoples computers as a bystander. A few times in my life Ive opened email accounts, twice actually, but its something I dont want in my life right now.
It was a huge challenge to learn digital painting well enough so that computers dont pop into mind when one sees one.
The trick with computers I think, is to approach old and new things with the same reverence as you would like your favourite chair and not be seduced by the constant innovation otherwise you never do anything.
Its interesting to see what people are saying about me. I like keep up with the latest rumors! A while back there was a rumor that I was going to do a film with Demi Moore about the takeover of Commodore computers!
Everyone has this perception that the bloggers, they say horrible things about you and they hide behind their computers where you cant see them.
The guy who knows about computers is the last person you want to have creating documentation for people who dont understand computers.
People who are more than casually interested in computers should have at least some idea of what the underlying hardware is like. Otherwise the programs they write will be pretty weird.
Lighter computers and lighter sensors would let you have more function in a given weight, which is very important if you are launching things into space, and you have to pay by the pound to put things there.
Every ISP is being attacked, maliciously both from in the United States and outside of the United States, by those who want to invade peoples privacy. But more importantly they want to take control of computers, they want to hack them, they want to steal information.
Computers have become more friendly, understandable, and lots of years and thought have been put into developing software to convince people that they want and need a computer.
I dont care how big and fast computers are, theyre not as big and fast as the world.
We have an epidemic of sexual predators following our children, whether it be on the computers, whether it be in our public parks, whether it be in the workplace, or even our schools.
Well, we didnt have our original drummer on our last record. And most of that album was not played as a band in the studio. It was mostly the world of computers and overdubs. There was very few things played live or worked out as a band.
But Im so slow on it because I find it terribly hard writing blind on computers. The computer speaks to me, but its just so slow, Im so terribly slow using it.
I continue to meet people who have had their Web pages hijacked, their browsers corrupted, in some cases, their children exposed to inappropriate material from these dangerous programs hidden in their family computers.
It seems like everything that we see perceived in the brain before we actually use our own eyes, that everything we see is coming through computers or machines and then is being input in our brain cells. So that really worries me.
But computers have changed the world for everyone, so there will be some way of working it out.
The idea that so many kids eat rubbish and sit on computers all day long appals me and getting them into sport is a major way of getting them off computers and leading healthier lives.
Before computers, telephone lines and television connect us, we all share the same air, the same oceans, the same mountains and rivers. We are all equally responsible for protecting them.
Something else has happened with computers.
Whats happened with society is that we have created these devices, computers, which already can register and process huge amounts of information, which is a significant fraction of the amount of information that human beings themselves, as a species, can process.
One of the things that is not so good is that a decision was made long ago about the size of an IP address - 32 bits. At the time it was a number much larger than anyone could imagine ever having that many computers but it turned out to be to small.
China has legally purchased high performance computers, advanced machine tools, and semiconductor-manufacturing equipment from several American companies.
Over the eons Ive been a fan of, and sucker for, each latest automated system to simplify and bring order to my life. Very early on this led me to the beautiful-and-doomed Lotus Agenda for my DOS computers, and Actioneer for the early Palm.
I am a huge supporter for cash for caulkers - which allows people to make improvement for energy efficient in their homes. We should do the same for Americans purchasing appliances and computers and for that matter, new air-conditioner and heating units.
While the recent addition of the National Guard providing a support role manning computers and cameras has allowed more Border Patrol agents to work the field, more agents are still needed.
Comic books arent nerdy. Youd have to be an idiot to think computers are nerdy.
Weve been working now with computers and education for 30 years, computers in developing countries for 20 years, and trying to make low-cost machines for 10 years. This is not a sudden turn down the road.
My e-mail address is actually my wifes e-mail address. I actually hate computers.
People are craving this great progress in electronics, going after computers, the Internet, etc. Its a giant progress technologically. But they must have a balance of soul, a balance for human beauty. That means art has an important role.
Computers are scary. Theyre nightmares to fix, lose our stuff, and, on occasion, they crash, producing the blue screen of death. Steve Jobs knew this. He knew that computers were bulky and hernia-inducing and Darth Vader black. He understood the value of declarative design.
I like computers. I like the Internet. Its a tool that can be used. But dont be misled into thinking that these technologies are anything other than aspects of a degenerate economic system.
And its here and its ready and we can really revolutionize the way we educate our children with tablet computers, and Im committed to doing whatever I can to speaking to whomever I can to send this signal - to pound this message home. Now is the time.
I dont look at computers as opponents. For me it is much more interesting to beat humans.
Ive never been much of a computer guy at least in terms of playing with computers. Actually until I was about 11 I didnt use a computer for preparing for games at all. I was playing a bit online, was using the chess club mainly. Now, obviously, the computer is an important tool for me preparing for my games.
Well, the big products in electronics in the 50s were radio and television. The first big computers were just beginning to come in and represented the most logical market for us to work in.
Eventually, I believe, current attempts to understand the mind by analogy with man-made computers that can perform superbly some of the same external tasks as conscious beings will be recognized as a gigantic waste of time.
It is an interesting fact that during my tour I was never allowed access to computers, radios, or anything else that I might damage through curiosity, or perhaps something more sinister.
Video games and computers have become babysitters for kids.
People are on their computers more than watching TV, because you can only watch voyeur TV, which is basically what reality shows are, for so long.
After a semester or so, my infatuation with computers burnt out as quickly as it had begun.
If I was designing a web site for elementary school children, I might have a much higher percentage of older computers with outdated browsers since keeping up with browser and hardware technology has not traditionally been a strong point of most elementary schools.
I have three brothers and theyre all into computers. Theyre all intellects. My mother would pay me a quarter a page to read a book and I couldnt make 50 cents. I just couldnt do it.
I am cursed with computers something always goes wrong.
Kids are finding out about the potential for discovery online from other sources many of them have computers at home, for instance, or their friends have them.
I realized that I loved using computers to create something, but being an architect just wasnt going to keep me interested. The idea of a life spent obsessing over bathroom details for an Upper East Side penthouse was pretty depressing.
Computers are hierarchical. We have a desktop and hierarchical files which have to mean everything.
They were saying computers deal with numbers. This was absolutely nonsense. Computers deal with arbitrary information of any kind.
Nowadays shots are created in post-production, on computers. Its not really photography.
People dont understand computers. Computers are magical boxes that do things. People believe what computers tell them.
So a more sensible thing it seemed to me was to go to Silicon Valley and be pushing on the technology companies to accelerate the use of audio and music in computers.
Interactive computers and software will, I think, provide a less costly method of doing some kinds of inquiry, in knowledge acquisition and even reasoning and interaction.
We all grew up, our grandmothers and mothers had about three channels to watch, so we watched those soaps and now, a generation has grown up with the Internet and computers and video games.
We can just assume they have much more and powerful, more advanced technology, all the new computers, everything could be much more easier and help them to build much more and many more nuclear weapons.
Well, my wife always says to me, and I think its true, its very difficult for us to understand the Elizabethan understanding and enjoyment and perception of form as it is to say... it would be for them to understand computers or going to the moon or something.
Diaspora starts about a thousand years from now. Most of human civilisation has moved inside computers essentially, a major branch of our descendants consists of conscious software.
Obviously, our children, who have been playing with their computers since the age of five or six, dont have quite the same brain as those who were brought up on wooden or metal toys, whose brains are certainly atrophied by comparison.
When I was in Japan on tour in 2010, I felt like I was 30 years into the future. I love technology and they are so advanced with their phones, computers, everything. I think they had the iPhone way before we did in the U.S. I love gadgets, games, social media and I try to stay ahead on all that stuff, but they get it all first.
Smartphones can relay patients data to hospital computers in a continuous stream. Doctors can alter treatment regimens remotely, instead of making patients come in for a visit.
A smartphone links patients bodies and doctors computers, which in turn are connected to the Internet, which in turn is connected to any smartphone anywhere. The new devices could put the management of an individuals internal organs in the hands of every hacker, online scammer, and digital vandal on Earth.
Computers rather frighten me, because I never did learn to type, so the whole thing seems extraordinarily complicated to me.
Originally, I was in both software and in online computing. The first innovation really was sort of at that time that were marrying the telephone and the computer so that people wouldnt have to drive to the computer center. We didnt have $1,000 computers.
They went back there, looked at all the computers, asked me to come in and tell them what all the computers were for specifically so they knew how to dismantle the network I had been running.
When they were done downloading all the information off each hard drive, they took all the computers, all the literature, and loaded everything into a big white truck and left.
I am interested in computers and technology, and art, photography, and design.
Learning can take place in the backyard if there is a human being there who cares about the child. Before learning computers, children should learn to read first. They should sit around the dinner table and hear what their parents have to say and think.
Computers and electronic music are not the opposite of the warm human music. Its exactly the same.
And my real enemy is not to hold the specimen sterile, but its the lighting. The light is our real enemy. So we have to work with very very poor lighting. But we can increase the light with computers.
Thats the new way - with computers, computers, computers. Thats the way we can have the cell survive and get some new information in high resolution. We started about five years ago and, today, I think we have reached the target.
Im looking to evolve the concept of the new renaissance artist, taking the world by storm through the art of public display and demonstration, with technical savvy, using cell phones and computers.
I think I was lucky to come of age in a place and time - the American South in the 1960s and 70s - when the machine hadnt completely taken over life. The natural world was still the world, and machines - TV, telephone, cars - were still more or less ancillary, and computers were unheard of in everyday life.
I use computers for email, staying current with my own website as well as finding important information through other websites. I also use it for creating MP3 files of new music Im working on.
I started getting into Internet technologies and computers. I wasnt especially interested in being a musician, but I wound up finding my way back to being interested in music through computers.
Equipped with cell phones, beepers, and handheld computers, the conspicuously industrious blur the line between home and office by working anytime, anywhere.
From computers to information technology to airplanes, it has been Americas unique blend of republican government and free-market capitalism that has allowed us to surpass all other nations in history.
Over and over again, financial experts and wonkish talking heads endeavor to explain these mysterious, toxic financial instruments to us lay folk. Over and over, they ignobly fail, because we all know that no one understands credit default obligations and derivatives, except perhaps Mr. Buffett and the computers who created them.
Theaters are always going to be around, and doing fine. With computers and technology, were becoming more and more secluded from each other. And the movie theater is one of the last places where we can still gather and experience something together. I dont think the desire for that magic will ever go away.
Well, I had a lot of help from my father with the soldering and so on, and he was very good at math and was fascinated with computers, and so I was fortunate enough to have a bunch of exposure going all the way back to high school - this was in the 1960s.
So the thing I realized rather gradually - I must say starting about 20 years ago now that we know about computers and things - theres a possibility of a more general basis for rules to describe nature.
There were no PCs when I started programming on computers.
When the first computers started to come in, we tried to digitalize the seismological equipment.
There has never been an unexpectedly short debugging period in the history of computers.
Computers are to design as microwaves are to cooking.
I actually use a computer a lot. I have three computers that I use on a regular basis - one is on my desk top in my Washington office, another is at home, and I have my laptop that I use when Im travelling.
Theres my education in computers, right there this is the whole thing, everything I took out of a book.
The big question society will have to answer is whether it wants computers thinking like humans.
Today, computers help us making the music. Its really a tool.
Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances.
Rather be dead than cool.
All women do have a different sense of sexuality, or sense of fun, or sense of like whats sexy or cool or tough.
Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes.
Its really kind of cool to have solar panels on your roof.
I never cut class. I loved getting As, I liked being smart. I liked being on time. I thought being smart is cooler than anything in the world.
Being cool is being your own self, not doing something that someone else is telling you to do.
Morgan Freeman is so class. Hes so cool. Hes so scary.
Im not the kind of person who tries to be cool or trendy, Im definitely an individual.
The simple truth is that balding African-American men look cool when they shave their heads, whereas balding white men look like giant thumbs.
He who keeps his cool best wins.
The cool thing is that now that people have made this evolution where cooking is cool, people are doing it on weekends, theyre doing their own challenges. Its back to cooking. And its real cooking.
It seems like once people grow up, they have no idea whats cool.
So theres nothing more provocative than taking a genre that everybody whos cool hates - and then making it cool.
All of my favorite people - people I really trust - none of them were cool in their younger years.
I can take it. The tougher it gets, the cooler I get.
You dont have to carry a designer bag that costs more than a car to look cool.
One cool judgment is worth a thousand hasty counsels. The thing to do is to supply light and not heat.
People look at me and see a calm, cool guy on the sidelines and I want them to know that my Christian faith affects my coaching and everything I do.
My perfect guy wears converse, is totally laid back, and doesnt worry about being cool.
To act coolly, intelligently and prudently in perilous circumstances is the test of a man - and also a nation.
Ive never done anything because I thought it would look cool.
Summer bachelors, like summer breezes, are never as cool as they pretend to be.
People see my photos and think I labor over my image and Im this cool, brooding artist. But Im just having fun with it.
Im cute - and God I hate that. Because thats not cool. Im like your niece, and nobody wants to date their niece. Its the chubby cheeks. The whole reason people voted for me on American Idol is because Im an everyday, normal girl.
I dont mind not being cool.
Sometimes just when I say hello the right way, Im like, Whoa, Im so cool.
Im cool with failing so long as I know that there are people around me that love me unconditionally.
Its cool just because Ive had this dream of changing the sport of swimming and its finally happening.
You get a timeless cool card in New York.
I think you create your own hipness.
Stop being conned by the old mantra that says, Leaders are cool, managers are dweebs. Instead, follow the Peters Principle: Leaders are cool. Managers are cool too!
And not only that, I also have the MacBook Air which is really cool. Even my wife is jealous of my MacBook Air.
Ive never been cool - and I dont care.
To create well I have to be in a good mood, happy and cool.
It looks good when you see someone kicking at the age of 51 with no double. Its kinda cool for people to know that past 50 we can keep flexible.
Were always bombarded with images from magazines of what looks cool and sexy.
When you get to your mid-20s, you start to feel responsibilities for the things that you do and the people around you. Its a cool age.
Some people are cool with the fact that their bodies bear witness to this great thing they produced, their children, and I understand that. But on a personal level, it makes me feel better that my breasts are not down to my knees when Im undressed in front of my husband.
Heroes dont wear diapers. Its just not cool.
Prominence is cool, but when the delusion kicks in it can be a drag. Especially if you choose to surround yourself with friends and not acolytes.
If at any moment of the day I ever think Im remotely cool at all, which is hardly ever, I have two daughters who make sure that never happens.
You know, the diversity that America has is so special. Its starting to really become a cool thing for young people.
Every collection that I work on, I always think, Is this cool enough to wear to a concert?
I just tried to keep my cool and continue with my race plan: to win.
Good words cool more than cold water.
The secret was to just be cool, stay in Gods graces, and work it out.
A girl came up to me in a bar and said she wanted to be my apple pie. I wish Id said something cool, but I was stunned.
A lot of people are obsessed with looking cool. They feel they have to look after their image.
Im a geeky toy collector, and to have toys of your own characters is unbelievably cool.
Im from Iowa, we dont know what cool is!
Im a flamboyant type of guy, a cooler version of Liberace.
I dont think of myself as hot or cool or anything, just a dork.
I am always looking for a cool tee shirt maybe one with a rock band or an old advertisement.
Its cool to have a well run, comfortable and inviting home.
I think Im so old Im in. We call it the Tony Bennett Syndrome. For some reason, young people think Im cool.
Be still and cool in thine own mind and spirit.
Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus, or just a really cool Opotamus?
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.
Vegetarians are cool. All I eat are vegetarians - except for the occasional mountain lion steak.
Im a mirror. If youre cool with me, Im cool with you, and the exchange starts. What you see is what you reflect. If you dont like what you see, then youve done something. If Im standoffish, thats because you are.
Im a Muslim, but I think Jesus would have a drink with me. He would be cool. He would talk to me.
I like low-maintenance girls, but at the same time, classy. She needs to take care of herself. But also be a girl who isnt afraid to get sweaty and play basketball, so its cool if shes a tomboy.
The cool thing about being famous is traveling. I have always wanted to travel across seas, like to Canada and stuff.
Keep a cool head and maintain a low profile. Never take the lead - but aim to do something big.
I dont mind The Boss. I think hes an honest guy. I have some of his records, not all of them. Ive met a couple of the E-Street guys, and they seem really cool.
Music is for people. The word pop is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. Im just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, Im cool.
Im someone who loves to enjoy life and tries to focus on real things and real friendships. Thats why I live very simply. Im a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl. I dont spend much time fixing myself up or trying to look cool. I live like a normal person and even though Im in a very high-profile business, I really dont let it affect the way I live.
Most Americans are very cool people.
Cricket makes no sense to me. I find it beautiful to watch and I like that they break for tea. That is very cool, but I dont understand. My friends from The Clash tried to explain it years and years ago, but I didnt understand what they were talking about.
Keep cool anger is not an argument.
The high-spirited man may indeed die, but he will not stoop to meanness. Fire, though it may be quenched, will not become cool.
If your stomach disputes you, lie down and pacify it with cool thoughts.
Im doing everything that I can, working with experts, really studying the statistics to figure out a way we can make it cool or normal to be kind and loving.
What people dont understand is joining a gang aint bad, its cool, its fine. When you in the hood, joining a gang its cool because all your friends are in the gang, all your familys in the gang. Were not just killing people every night, were just hanging out, having a good time.
Where I come from it was really unheard of to be at a party and someone says, What kind of music do you make?, and you say, Pop music. You may as well have Im not cool stamped on your forehead.
Summer is a great time to visit art museums, which offer the refreshing rinse of swimming pools - only instead of cool water, you immerse yourself in art.
I think it would be cool if you were writing a ransom note on your computer, if the paper clip popped up and said, Looks like youre writing a ransom note. Need help? You should use more forceful language, youll get more money.
Racism is taught in the home. We agree on that? Well, its very hard to teach racism to a teenager whos listening to rap music and who idolizes, say, Snoop Dogg. Its hard to say, That guy is less than you. The kid is like, I like that guy, hes cool. How is he less than me?
Aristotle was famous for knowing everything. He taught that the brain exists merely to cool the blood and is not involved in the process of thinking. This is true only of certain persons.
Its cool when fans spend so much time making things for me. It means a lot.
Placebo is music for outsiders, by outsiders and our gigs are like conventions of outcasts, which is cool.
I really liked the snake that breaks out of the cage in the beginning of the movie. I saw it in real life, and it was really cool. Really big and fat. The owls are cool as well, but you cant really pet them.
Dracos not really a bully. Hes not exactly the biggest, strongest guy in the world. Hes more a rich, snobby person. He thinks of himself as really cool.
Aristotle taught that the brain exists merely to cool the blood and is not involved in the process of thinking. This is true only of certain persons.
I dont go to the cool, trendy restaurants. I go to either the holes in the wall or the super-fancy restaurants where there are no cool people.
I think people appreciate a songwriter who shows different sides. The whole angst thing is cool, but if thats all youve got, its just boring. Everything I write, whether its happy or sad, has a sense of humor to it.
I have a cycle that is not particularly cool, but its a cycle: trash myself to reward myself.
Thats one of the cool things about fame. You have an affect on society and where it goes.
I just hope that theaters remain. I think theres something very wonderful about getting into a dark room with a bunch of people. Theres something cool about that. Brings us all together in one room where we can experience all those emotions.
I remember being on film sets when I was younger, and only men got to do the cool action movies. So I thought, Maybe Ill get to produce one day and get to do cool stuff too, which is what happened when we did Charlies Angels. Starting my production company was a big turning point for me.
Competition is great. And as long as its friendly and not a malicious thing, then I think its cool.
Someone who doesnt take herself too seriously and can be a goofball. Because everyones a nerd inside, I dont care how cool you are.
I grew up not really having anything, so the idea that I can take care of my family and my friends now is a really cool bonus.
Sure, climbing Mount Everest would be cool, but thats something I would now like to do as a family. Big experiences like that I dont want to have on my own anymore. I want to share them.
When I was younger, I had a perm, and it was really big. My mom was a hairdresser, so even my dad had a perm! I looked like a poodle, but it was cool at the time.
I once sang Summer Nights, from Grease, at a bar in Melbourne with John Travolta, whos a good friend of mine. He looked cool singing the part of Danny - sitting in an armchair, smoking a cigar - while I got stuck playing Sandy.
Theyre very, uh, you know, I dont come from the suburbs and a jolly, Disney type of lifestyle. I come from something totally different. And theyre cool and bare minimum so its not always a money issue for me.
Ive been in fights, but that doesnt make me cool or like a tough guy or more interesting actor, Im not proud of it.
Whats cool is when youre able to give your audience imagination and you dont have to cage them in like animals.
Im a video game fan, and I always thought it would be cool to be able to control a character.
Its cool now to play golf.
The Internet is for haters. Everyone wants to knock somebody down, but its cool.
I know that people think Im sexy and I am looked at as that. It is cool with me. Its wonderful to have sexy appeal. If you embrace it, it can be a very beautiful thing.
The nerds are the ones that make the films and do loads of other really cool stuff in their life.
I met Elijah Wood once, I met Peter Jackson, I met Orlando Bloom, and theyre all really cool.
Ive never been one of the cool people at school, but then again, I dont get the people who are cool. Its not that I dont like them, its just that they dont interest me.
I didnt watch much TV as a kid and I don t watch it now. I don t find anything beautiful or unique to the medium, and the only thing you can do on TV that you cant do in film is make a continuing story - which is so cool!
My problem was that I was blond. There were no heroes with blond hair. Robert Taylor and Henry Fonda, they all had dark hair. The only one I found was Van Johnson, who wasnt too cool. He was a nice, homely American boy. So I created my own image. It worked.
Keep cool my babies.
There are people out there who are older who are cool. I want that.
I was trying to be this person who is cool, eternally rocking.
I think its so cool that you can pick up the guitar and create something that didnt exist 5 minutes ago. You can write something that no ones ever heard before. You have music at your fingertips.
I think its so cool to be tall. Even when Im not wearing heels people tell me Im tall and I always take it as a complement. The good thing is I can always see everybody in the room.
Remember the first time you went to a show and saw your favorite band. You wore their shirt, and sang every word. You didnt know anything about scene politics, haircuts, or what was cool. All you knew was that this music made you feel different from anyone you shared a locker with. Someone finally understood you. This is what music is about.
I think sometimes I guess you see records, say you want to get there and use that as motivation. In a way, its kind of cool if there is a possibility to rewrite history and be up there with the greats of Olympic history.
At first I was queasy Ill never forget the sound of the scalpel cutting a body open. But it was so cool trying to work out how these people died.
If a guy is skilled at anything, thats attractive. Theres something very primal about that and, sure, it can be as simple as figuring out the tip quickly. Its really cool when a guy tips 20 percent quickly and effortlessly so that when the check comes, he opens it and signs his name and done.
Parenthood and family come first for me, and when Im not working Im cool with the Teletubbies.
Im going to let people know that its cool to have a child and be young and still be a good mom. Its really tough, but Im doing it.
Playing well with others is important - not being too flashy, just keeping good time and of course coming up with cool beats. A good snare drum, kick drum, high hat. Just getting good at the hand feet coordination.
Im not saying I look cool, but every single time I go onstage, it is a fail if I dont feel like Im going to pass out at least twice.
Its really cool to see glowsticks at the show, to see dance music culture infiltrating and becoming one with the metal community.
My friends are people who like building cool stuff. We always have this joke about people who want to just start companies without making something valuable. Theres a lot of that in Silicon Valley.
When I come home and Im tired from filming all day, I expect her to be there and make sure everything is cool for me. You know, like drawing my bath and helping me into bed.
Its cool to go places where working people are happy.
I really, specifically, love acting, and I think its a really cool thing to be really indulgent and follow that. I have a lot of ambitions in life, but for the next few years, I just want to be an actor. Thats a lucky opportunity, and that drives me to want to be good at that.
That is who Barack Obama is - a person of admirable character - and that is who he has remained for me over these last four years. I have not agreed with his every decision, but never once have I seen him break his cool, lose his composure, or abandon his insightful perspective - even during the most serious and/or absurd national disasters.
As a young boy, I was taught in high school that hacking was cool.
Its been really fun to see with each album when I change to see the fans of the show emulate my style and with the first record a lot of the kids in the crowd were wearing neck ties like I was and now youll see a lot of girls with pink hair. Its cool, its actually really neat.
I kinda see everyone as competition. Im a very competitive person. But I think thats good. Competition is great. And as long as its friendly and not a malicious thing, then I think its cool.
The funny thing is, the girls that Im always up against for roles are pretty nice and cool, like Emma Watson. Shes awesome.
I put on the Hank Williams and the Patsy Cline and the Rosemary Clooney on vinyl - Im not trying to be some cool indie-rock person, I just love the way it sounds - and throw on a T-shirt and jeans. In Texas, we practically come out of the womb in jeans.
If you want to go to the mall, you have to take security. But its always cool. The kids are amazing.
A friend of mine has a big farm in the desert, and she picks up feathers and roadkill for me, then makes it into clothes. I think its cool to wear roadkill. If I died and somebody wanted to wear my teeth around their neck to VMAs, Id feel honored.
I have, I admit, a low tolerance for detached chronicling and cool analysis.
Its really cool when a guy tips 20 per cent quickly and effortlessly so that when the check comes, he opens it and signs his name and done.
Every night I fell asleep to a different Beatles album. So Im very familiar with the Beatles Ringo was my favorite Beatle until I grew up and then changed. I made the switch over to George Harrison just in time to regain my cool.
I want Maggie Gyllenhaal. I dont know why. I dont think she necessarily looks like me or acts like me, I just think shes a cool actress and she could play me, so there you go.
Oh, my God, this amazing cool breeze is coming through my window and the sun is shining. Im happy.
The cool kindliness of sheets, that soon smooth away trouble and the rough male kiss of blankets.
Im not a movie star. People know me, but they dont necessarily know what they know me for. I get recognised, but its not like Justin Bieber. Its a nice thing, people are cool.
I really, specifically, love acting, and I think its a really cool thing to be really indulgent and follow that. I have a lot of ambitions in life, but for the next few years, I just want to be an actor.
Its interesting to feel the pressure of having to be outgoing, because I think in general, as a human being, Im pessimistic and introverted. But, its cool, because its a whole different side of me, and I impress myself. Even at times when I think that theres no possible way that I can be engaging, Ill suddenly pull it out and impress myself.
Part of Obamas persona is self-reliance. Hes calm hes cool hes self-possessed. In many ways, he has tried to define himself in opposition to Clintons sometimes needy, often undisciplined, emotionalism.
Obama has made America cool again - and more than that, hes made his own brand arguably the most powerful the world has ever known.
Conforming is not cool.
When I was kid, I remember playing Vogue by Madonna over and over and over again. And ah, you know, something about the beat was really cool, and Madonna, visually, was on TV all the time and I thought she was just so beautiful.
You have to watch all sides of your advancement, you have to make sure peoples bodies and minds are healthy and their morale is cool before you can really go out and play great music.
Its not cool to be an alcoholic.
Manners are love in a cool climate.
Maybe that first, gigantic deficit the Reaganites piled up was an accident, just a combination of deluded supply side tax cuts and a huge bag of good stuff for the Pentagon. But pretty quickly conservatives discovered that deficits, when done correctly, did something really cool: deficits defunded the Left.
Acknowledging class was always difficult for New Democrats - it was second-wave, it was divisive - but 2008 made retro politics cool again.
If you do a trick and it doesnt work out, that can stick with you. I like to go back, nail the trick, and, OK, Im cool, its all good.
What drives me now is the fact that I feel like I still have so many tricks that I want to learn and so many things that I can still do. And so many cool things outside of sports that I have been doing.
I mean, I get letters in the mail because I had a heart defect when I was one, I had surgeries and stuff. And so you get these letters in the mail that just, they are crazy, they are just like, yes, well our son is dealing with the same thing and we saw you on TV and I mean it is such a cool thing to inspire and kind of give hope.
An orange on the table, your dress on the rug, and you in my bed, sweet present of the present, cool of night, warmth of my life.
My parents are the coolest of the cool on every single level, and its because they have a deep appreciation for every moment of their lives.
In early high school years, I was pretty chubby, and I spent a lot of time on my computer, before it was cool to have a computer - because there was a time that was true. So thats where I developed my personality.
Im friends with a lot of my exes, but it took time. We didnt just get into it. I dont think you can be friends until youre cool with them dating someone else. Thats when you know.
A lot of pop people out there are cool, but they overdo it.
The pop world is cool, but I never really thought of myself as part of it or wanting to be a part of it because Im on a label thats not really like that. Theyre not trying to dress me up, theyre not trying to do things like that. I feel like Im sort of separate from that, actually.
I could do without cool publications calling me mom jazz. But I laughed all the way to the bank, baby.
When I entered high school I was an A-student, but not for long. I wanted the fancy clothes. I wanted to hang out with the guys. I went from being an A-student to a B-student to a C-student, but I didnt care. I was getting the high fives and the low fives and the pats on the back. I was cool.
Im a sappy mom now. I didnt think I would be. I thought Id be a cool mom who keeps everything in perspective.
My uncles a lawyer and I remember going to see him in court and thinking, Thats cool, too bad I could never be a lawyer.
I remember once acting really cool on a bus with this girl named Stephanie. When I got home, I realized that I had a really big zit on my forehead. If you have acne problems, you really shouldnt be acting like Don Juan.
I used to be a cool chick but Im not anymore.
In the Lamborghini I have to avoid certain roads because of pot holes, and theres nowhere to put my drink, no cup holder. And Im not going to lie, it looks pretentious. I used to think it was cool to, like, drive it to dinner. Now? Like I really need to be looked at any more.
Long intros are cool because theres a little bit of anticipation, you know?
As a kid, I did want to be an old-timer, since they were the ones with the big stories and the cool clothes. I wanted to go there. Now, I guess I want to bring that with me and go back in time.
My parents used to throw great New Years Eve parties. They invited such an eclectic mix of showbiz people. All those cool people were always hanging out at our apartment.
And we have a little herb garden, which survived the winter thanks to global warming. It makes me feel like a cool, old Italian housewife, that I kept my rosemary alive outside all winter.
It was a very cool thing to be a smart girl, as opposed to some other, different kind. And I think that made a great deal of difference to me growing up and in my life afterward.
Cynicism is kind of like folding your arms and stepping back and commenting on things, like the old guys in The Muppets, just throwing out comments all the time, whereas there are other people on the ground really trying to affect things and improve their lives and the lives of other people. I think its noble and I think its cool.
I havent left the house without a packet of Kleenex in my back pocket for as long as I can remember. Whenever I start thinking Im incredibly cool, the packet of Kleenex in my back pocket brings me right back down to earth.
And of course Ive got kids of my own now, and they love me being in the Harry Potter films. Im now part of a phenomenon. You become incredibly cool to your kids, and you get a young fan base. So you became the cool dad at school. Youre suddenly hip.
There arent many poster children for cool angst. Everybody thinks its cool if youre the bad girl.
For the last few years, its been so chic for everybody to be miserable. Like if youre in with the cool crowd, you cant be happy.
Now Im way into suits that I can put on whether I took a shower or not, and wear barefoot and paint my toes black or whatever color the suit is. Its very cool to wear suits like that. Roll up the sleeves and just say yee-haw.
How serious can a movie about time-traveling robots be? You want it to be cool and fun.
I did find some time to go to a record store and check out Headstrong actually in the racks. It was pretty cool I never thought Id see my own CD sitting there with everyone elses. I made my Mom take lots of pics!
All I know about thermal pollution is that if we continue our present rate of growth in electrical energy consumption it will simply take, by the year 2000, all our freshwater streams to cool the generators and reactors.
I havent took no punishment. Theres nothing cool about taking punishment.
Australia is so cool that its hard to even know where to start describing it. The beaches are beautiful so is the weather. Not too crowded. Great food, great music, really nice people. It must be a lot like Los Angeles was many years ago.
Its cool to be healthy.
I dont wanna abandon my identity as LL Cool J, but at the same time, I had to figure out how to let people know that Im really serious about making these movies.
What is more important than the name is that people know that I really like acting, I enjoy it and I want people to know that I am serious. The name thing: I will always be L.L. Cool J.
Im taking a lot of my favorite artists, different people, my favorite music and marrying that with what I do as a comic. Its very collaborative, arty, fun and cool.
The problem to me is violence. Its not cool to kill somebody or hurt people.
When youre a kid, you see your parents reading the newspaper and youre like, God, why are they reading the newspaper? When youre young, youre not reading the newspaper. But there comes a time in your life when the newspapers cool.
Come Christmas Eve, we usually go to my mom and dads. Everybody brings one gift and then we play that game when we all steal it from each other. Some are really cool, others are useful and some are a bit out there.
Tweeting is like sending out cool telegrams to your friends once a week.
Im obsessed with the 1920s, everything from the style to the lifestyle. It was a really cool era.
These days its cool to be ethnic and to be different, but when I was a kid, it was not cool - at all. My friends would come over and my mom would make crepes with eggs, stuffed with mozzarella cheese, tomatoes and spinach. And theyd be like, What is this?
I think a lot of young kids at school are very conscious of trying to keep credibility in case they kind of stand out in a crowd and get bullied by trying to stay cool and stuff. And my whole thing, all the way through school, was I was just a goof... I didnt care.
Orlandos a really cool guy. They hired him for Lord of the Rings out of drama school. Hes very new at this still and doesnt have a lot of experience. So we were in this together and weve tried to help each other out. We felt very equal which was good.
I have a kind of boring personal life, to the paparazzi anyway, and I dont hang with the cool crowd.
Justin Timberlake is everything, and what more could you want in a person? Hes funny. Hes cute. Hes great. He just understands. I get him and he gets me, and thats cool.
Survival, in the cool economics of biology, means simply the persistence of ones own genes in the generations to follow.
Ive always been scared of advertising folk. Ive met them at parties and Ive been to their offices and Ive always found them intimidatingly cool. At one company I visited, they held their meetings in a caravan that had somehow been installed in the place, a rather more exotic place to gather than the typical BBC glass box.
I was trying to break out of the suburbs, and when I did break out, I dont think I took my whole self with me - I think I played a role of being too cool and hip.
Elves are cool, man.
I wondered how they would top the Pirates and skeletons and moonlight, because thats a pretty cool concept.
Im trying to mix the cool, independent stuff with the big stuff, but its been difficult finding the right roles. Its been an interesting ride as far as my career pendulum is concerned.
The truth is - I found myself doing these huge action-adventure movies, and um, and which are cool man. And I really love doing them. And thankfully I havent had too much dialogue, because if I had I would have really made a mess of it. You know what I mean?
Its hard to encapsulate my inspiration because there are so many different looks, but I think its just like, sexy girl you see walking down the street in a cool outfit. A lot of eyelet, a lot of leather, playing with the hard and the soft, the good and bad inside of us all.
Danger is cool.
Im finding, as I get older, that Im not much of a believer in redemption. I mean, I believe in redemption in real life - redemption does happen, and its cool when it does - but I find myself getting leery of my desire for it in stories (especially my own).
The cool parts - the parts that have won Dubai its reputation as the Vegas of the Middle East or the Venice of the Middle East or the Disney World of the Middle East, if Disney World were the size of San Francisco and out in a desert - have been built in the last ten years.
Its cool to be a part of recovery. This is just who I am, this is what I write about, what I do, and most of my work has been a reflection of what Ive been going through in one way or another.
I read the script for Wonder Boys, and I said that was almost perfect, it was so classy, cool and funny. Its a really specific thing. We stuck to it, it turned out good and a lot of people liked it.
Yeah, my dream would be to work for 6 months and then have 6 months to play, just snowboarding, surfing, and going to cool places to listen and be alone and kinda chill out.
I would like to do a musical, if I could find a cool one. A song-and-dance role is closer to me personally than other characters I play.
I used to love to draw. I didnt want to go to art class because I felt that would be too corny when I was young, but architectural drafting was the cool thing to do because there was more precision. It taught me a lot about building and structures and doorways and frames and windowsills.
In the summer I wear shorts with a bright top and ankle boots or just sandals. Ill add a nice scarf, maybe a hat, some cool sunglasses. Its all about the accessories.
Look at Scottish guys wearing kilts - you could look at them and laugh, but the way they carry themselves, how can you? You can wear some of the weirdest things and be cool. If you believe in it, thats what makes it cool.
If I wasnt even famous or had any success, I would still wake up and put tons of make-up on, and put on a cool outfit. Thats always been who Ive been my whole life, so thats never gonna change. I love fashion. I love getting dressed up. I love Halloween, too.
Hip-hop is still cool at a party. But to me, hip-hop has never been strictly a party it is also there to elevate consciousness.
But when youre a working actor - and thats what you keep saying in your head, how blessed you are to have a job - and you are working with heavyweights, working with the best guys in TV, its pretty cool. Exhausting, but cool.
It is a weird feeling to have people go, Hey Chris like they know me. But, number one, 99 percent of my experiences have been really cool. People couldnt be nicer and more positive.
Id love to date somebody cool, fun, funny.
The second I met Zac, I thought he was a really cool guy. Its hard not to have chemistry with someone who is so attractive.
You can be cool and at the same time respect your woman, who will hopefully become your wife, who will hopefully become the mother of your kids. America needs to get back to family values.
I think Im drawn to more villain-type characters, because its so cool to get to say all the things you want to say. In Hollywood, you get to this position where you have to bite your tongue so much. You take all your experiences of not being able to say what you really want to say, and channel that through your character.
Being cool, having a cool energy is just not attractive to me.
No matter how good you are, at some point your kids are gonna have to create their own independence and think that Mom and Dad arent cool, just to establish themselves. Thats what adolescence is about. Theyre gonna go through that no matter what.
The ballplayer who loses his head, who cant keep his cool, is worse than no ballplayer at all.
I know what it feels like to have the door slammed firmly in my face, so Im cool with that.
I am surprised by how not-adopted the video reply has been. What keeps other people from doing it, I think, is that they think a video comes across as Im cool, look at how many e-mails I get. That perception doesnt scare me, because I know who I am.
People are more comfortable learning about wine because now they can just Google, you know, Soave, and say, Oh, O.K., cool.
In my teens, I was never part of the cool crowd.
For most of my life, Ive thought of myself as pretty cool.
When Brian told me he grew up in New Mexico, I told him I thought it is cool that people from other countries play football. He corrected me on my geography and agreed to sit down with me anyway.
Personally, I was never the cool kid. I was always sort of a bookworm. I would just like to be more like Troy, because hes so cool.
Personally, I was never the cool kid. I was always sort of a bookworm.
Spider-Mans probably my favorite. You see, Batman is a billionaire and theres nothing really cool about a billionaire saving the world. But Spider-Man is Peter Parker, a conflicted character who puts on a suit and saves the world. I love that.
Yeah, I get to fight in Eclipse. My trainer is teaching me MMA right now. So. Cool.
My parents are pretty cool people.
The term geek for me is like you having a passion, interest in something that is unabashed and you dont care if people think its not cool. You think its cool and thats your thing.
I am an unconventional beauty. I grew up in a high school where if you didnt have a nose job and money and if you werent thin, you werent cool, popular, beautiful. I was always told that I wasnt pretty enough to be on television.
But my main thing that I would love to see as a fan of Glee, like I said, is to really get into the character and who they are and what they do outside of school. I think that thats interesting. And then of course the themed stuff and the album episodes are all really cool too.
I was in choir in school. I kind of just did it. I already knew I wanted to sing. My music program in my school wasnt really great - people didnt really want to be part of the choir, they didnt want to do the plays and stuff like that. It definitely wasnt the cool thing to do.
I really felt like I finally made it. Having your first fake pregnancy rumor. It was really awesome. I feel like its part of what happens in this business, but thats a real one. Thats a cool one to get.
I want to be a cool mom.
I was never considered cool throughout my teens: a very important time to be accepted by someone, especially your peers. Yes, I had all the screaming women, but the guys hated my guts.
Maybe I am a little bit guilty of trying to convince myself that I am cool to this point - even today. But I am so much more healthy than I used to be in my twenties, because I was not accepted at all.
Its cool to play a vampire and be a part of this new, hot genre.
When you get to play a character thats in love, its cool.
Ive never believed in singing about Satan and thinking hes cool, because hes not.
Both conservatives and liberals watch Parks and Recreation, and they each think the show is for them, which is really cool. SNL was totally different. It was exciting because everyone was paying attention. Political humor works when people know what youre talking about.
Theres a lot of gimmick infringement out there, but thats cool. Its a compliment. But it all started right when I first came into the Garden. I came down to Eye of the Tiger and when I hit the ring with the Sheik, I just put my hand up to my ear by accident, and the crowd got louder. I was like Oh, that works.
All of a sudden, Hulk Hogan has become retro. Hulk Hogan has become cool again. So to come out and to hear how loud the fans are. To hear how loyal the fans are, its truly overwhelming. I just cant believe Ive been reborn in the WWE.
My definition of cool is finding your own definition of cool and not necessarily taking your lead from what other people tell you or from what you might read from magazines or see on TV.
I got tired of the Ramones around the time I quit and I really got into rap. I thought it was the new punk rock. LL Cool J was my biggest idol.
Everything thats cool that happens, I look at my wife and I say, We need to enjoy this moment right here! This is really special!
In my mind, as long as I did what was right for me, I was cool. But thats not the way it works. You have to think about other people and take their feelings into account.
Theres been a lot of really cool stuff thats happened to me throughout my career, and I remember everything, but I dont think I savored every moment of it like I should have or like I do now.
Americans are cool if you show just a chink of vulnerability, they respond so much. Theyll pat you on the arm and say, Hey kid, youre all right. Brits will respond but they are much more cynical.
Im blessed to have cool roles in these big movies.
I mean, there are some amazing storytelling being done on the small screen right now. Thats what so cool about being in television right now. Studios, networks are starting to throw more resources, better writers, more production values... and to be part of that is awesome.
Ive helped create over 400 jobs in the worst economy of my lifetime. Thats cool.
My whole thing is that I want to explore why you read books, whats the purpose of reading, and maybe that its not that cool to hate something just because its popular.
The thing thats cool about the recording booth is that its so perfunctory, so cut-to-the-chase.
I really wanted to do something positive on the Internet. I wanted to try to get young people talking about, thinking about, lifes big questions-make it cool and OK to wonder about the heart, the soul and free will and God and death and big topics like that, big human topics.
Vince Vaughn is a genuine person, awesome guy. Hell come to a lot of my shows. Its not that often that you can meet someone as cool as Vince.
Its cool to express myself, but Ive had to learn that doing interviews isnt completely therapy - spilling everything about yourself isnt healthy all the time. But Ive been through things that have made me a stronger person, and if I can help some people, I will.
My parents were really, really cool about supporting what I wanted to do at a really young age. I think I was about 10 when I caught the bug. They would drive me down to New York if there were auditions. When I was 12, I did this show on Broadway called High Society, so we moved to New York for the run of that.
More and more, Democrats are starting to worry they that they have a more um, colorful version of Jimmy Carter on their hands. Obama acts cool as a proverbial cucumber but that awful 70s show seems frightfully close to a rerun.
Ive noticed that once you leave London you do kind of become a bit more famous. People in London are a bit too cool for school. Its not so unusual to see someone from London in the street. But outside of London people are a bit more excited to see you and come out and support you.
That was excellent! I mean, it didnt do anything, but it looked really cool!
I always hated high-school shows and high-school movies, because they were always about the cool kids. It was always about dating and sex, and all the popular kids, and the good-looking kids. And the nerds were super-nerdy cartoons, with tape on their glasses. I never saw my people portrayed accurately.
Its healthy to have older friends. You go, Look, Im younger than them! Thats always the nice thing, if you can be the youngest one in the room at times. Like if youre always the oldest one in the room, youll start to feel like the oldest person in the world. So get older friends, because theyre cool. Get cool older friends.
Period costume films are fun to discover, but theyre not relatable. Its more, Wow, thats cool - did it really look like that back then? Whereas with a comedy, youre like, Yeah, thats me, thats my friends. No matter what, I want people to relate.
As tempting as it seems to wear tennis shoes with your tux, dont do it. I think it looks ridiculous. If youre 14 years old, maybe give it a shot. In general, dont portray anything that says Im too cool and I dont care.
Most of an award-show hosts job is showing up and keeping a cool head and soldiering through it, whether its the Oscars or the Hallmark Channels Hero Dog Awards.
Big Star invented a vision of bohemian rock &amp roll cool that had nothing to do with New York, Los Angeles or London, which made them completely out of style in the 1970s, but also made them an inspiration to generations of weird Southern kids.
I love Poseidon. His trident - his weapon - is really cool.
Hats off to starting a franchise younger than we all did in Twilight and keeping your cool. The Harry Potter men and women had, what, a 10-year run?
Even in high school, I had friends that I didnt know were gay until years later. Id find out on Facebook or something and be like, Oh, that explains some things, or Wow, no wonder they were so cool.
Its interesting because a lot of my 16-year-old kids friends know me from Wedding Crashers, and not so much Bond. My kids have a good laugh. I was 20 then. The look I had then was the look that a lot of their friends are assuming now. They think its cool. What goes around comes around.
I think you have to be cool to be a good flirt, and I dont think Im very cool.
When I see my staff take a step back because Ive lost my cool about something food-related, I say never apologise for your standards. If someone doesnt meet them, then you should explain that and that you want it changed. I want my staff to be like that, too.
I got a chance to have my dream come true, and I wanted to make sure I made the decision as to when I dropped my last album. If I dont feel like this album is an incredible piece of work, then Im cool with the albums Ive done. I dont have to put out another album.
Basically, after an ABC sitcom I did, I ended up with a holding deal with 20th Century Fox. Absolutely cool. It pays you to be unemployed. And the bigger the entity that gives you the deal, the better.
Im constantly pitching one episode where we see life through Castles eyes. I think Castles just a little off as far as his perception goes. A very, very clever man, but I want to see the world as Castle sees it - kind of a rose-colored glasses, all the women find him irresistible, all the guys find him super cool and do whatever he says.
Im comfortable only when theres a mutual attraction. Thats what anyone wants. If I find out shes not attracted to me, it brings down my level of attraction to her. If Im interested and find out shes not, I tend to cool off.
I think my printing to this day looks like the printing right out of a comic book. Actually, I always wanted to be in a comic book. I watched cartoons when I was a kid, too, and both comics and cartoons lit fire in my imagination. This realm holds a lot of interest for me, a lot of passion for me. So to be comic-ized, yeah, thats cool.
I remember my first test in F1. After five laps, I came back to the pits and tried to play it cool - Oh yeah, Im fine, Im on top of this - but I was completely lost.
Thats the hardest thing about being a mom. You want to be cool, and you want them to like you all the time, but you cant always have that. Youre gonna have times where you have to say no, and you wont be the most popular person in the house.
Traveling to Russia and Germany and being able to see the world at a young age was really cool for me, and I really liked that.
Music is music, ultimately. If it makes you feel good, cool.
Me and my dad are friends. Were cool. Ill never be disappointed again, because I dont expect anything anymore from him. I just let him exist, and thats how we get along.
At the age of 11 I was about 6 ft. tall and my voice had completely broken. That caused problems. I was this gangly, spotty, very unattractive kid. I wasnt cool and I wasnt a nerd. I didnt even want to fit in with anyone.
When I left Europe in 1987 I did so with the thought that my relevance as a composition teacher would benefit from a certain cool distance to certain tendencies I had been observing for several years with increasing disquiet.
I like cool jackets - a nice fall or winter coat. You can get a lot of use out of it, and youll wear it frequently, so it can really set the tone of your uniform for the season.
Our career is a dream. I mean, we get to act, travel around the world, and meet cool people. Whats not to love!
Edie Sedgwick had a cool style she pushed the envelope for the time.
The thing people dont understand is that touring or travelling or whatever you do in my position means you go to all these cool places all over the world, but you see everything from a car window. You dont get to see much of the city or meet people at all.
My legs are really long and thats cool apparently, but Im totally klutzy. I mean, Im like Bambi. I fall all over myself because I cant control my arms and my really long legs.
Well, a sort of epiphany: I was in a great band. And its very cool to be at 53 and realise that when you were a kid you were in a great band.
Its the same with visual arts, you have some really cool, wonderful striking images that make you think and then again you have wonderful striking images that just take you away from the existing world for a second. And I like the latter a bit more.
We arent cool and never will be.
My family moved - first to Washington, D.C., and then, in the spring of 1975, to Lebanon, where my father worked as a diplomat at the American embassy. My parents were enthusiastic about the move, so my older brother and I felt like we were off to some place kind of cool.
Playing and singing at the same time is pretty cool, but sometimes its difficult to know when you can just really let go a bit because youve got to get back to bloody microphone and sing some stuff.
If a musician wants to be an actor, everyone thinks thats pretty cool. But if an actor wants to play a song, even if theyve been doing it for 40 years, thats bad news.
Jazz took too much discipline. You have to come in at the right place, which is different than me singing the blues, where I can sing, Oh, baby, if theres a pause in the melody. With jazz, you better leave that space open, or put in something real cool.
Its always cool to meet people who can do things that you have no capacity to do.
Id like to see a world free of strife, stress, pain, hunger, war - a cool place where everyone could live.
Its cool to play a sinister bad guy who also has a human side.
Sitting at the table during Color Purple and looking up and suddenly realizing I was acting in front of Steven Spielberg, was pretty cool. It was pretty good.
Growing up, politics never trickled down to the areas we come from. But people from Obamas camp, and Obama himself, reached out to me and asked for my help on the campaign. Weve sat and had dinner, and weve spoken on the phone. Hes a very sharp guy. Very charming. Very cool.
You make your first album, you make some money, and you feel like you still have to show face, like I still go to the projects. Im like, why? Your job is to inspire people from your neighborhood to get out. You grew up there. What makes you think its so cool?
The cool part of being an entertainer is getting the opportunity to get your feet wet in all areas.
Someone once told me that something they really liked about me was that they thought that I was really down to earth and not high-maintenance. I think that was cool. Its important to stay grounded.
I think its really cool how J. Los been able to balance an acting career and a music career. Thats something I strive for.
I went to Catholic high school for half a year and religion wasnt the cool thing to talk about even at a catholic high school. It never came up.
But, on another level its really sort of this really cool coming of age story, it reminds me of like The Breakfast Club or something like that, if I can be so bold to associate with The Breakfast Club.
Having been to Europe and working and traveling there, the restaurants my wife and I remember were always off the beaten trail restaurants. So I tried to seek a little off the beaten trail, but cool area.
When people recognise me they just kind of go Hi how are you, really kind of cool you know.
I love the song El Rey. And for years, I never knew what the song was totally about. It was something new for me. Id never sung a song in Spanish before. Then I got the translation and saw what a really cool song it was.
All this stuff is so mind-blowing to me that I get to do in my life. Throwing the first pitch out at the White Sox game on a random Wednesday? Like who am I? How did I get this life? Im glad Im not jaded, and little kids are the least jaded people in the entire world, so its fun to be around people that still find wonder in how cool things are.
I was terribly shy when I was growing up, I really wasnt confident with other people and I think I was always afraid of up or not being this very cool, amazing person that I wanted to be.
51st State was one that I loved doing because the character was so out there, and in a way I was sad to leave the character behind. Im afraid I could never be that cool in real life!
Im physically completely mal-coordinated. My best friend used to make me run for the bus just to give herself a quick, cheap laugh because I definitely dont have that sophisticated cool thing down.
I was not a good-lookin girl. I was extremely skinny. I wasnt pretty. I wasnt cool.
Its cool to go to a place that has posters up and its one night only. It feels more special.
In my hometown there is a pub named after me - The Frome Flyer on Jenson Avenue. How cool is that?!
I was in a really crummy pop-punk band. I think we did a whole bunch of Blink-182 covers, and we were on the fringe of losers and jocks. So we invited all the cool kids to come watch us play in our bass players brothers bedroom. And it was terrible, but everyone thought we were so cool.
I think its really cool, but Jimmy Eat World and Gin Blossoms did it better than anyone. People dont realize just how awesome the Arizona history is, especially for alternative music. Growing up, thats all I ever wanted to be was those two bands.
Im a fan of designers and clothes that look beautiful, but more importantly, make me feel beautiful and confident. Its why Ive always loved Stella McCartney, and more recently, Prabal Gurung. Their pieces are cool, yet timeless, and the fits are effortlessly flattering.
In high school I was an outcast... I wasnt cool to hang out with. I ate my lunch in a bathroom stall because that was the one place I could go where I wouldnt been seen.
Most of the time youre too busy to think about it. But every now and then you say, I work at Saturday Night Live, and that is so cool.
I wanted to escape Small Town U.S.A. To dismiss the boundaries, to explore. My life experience came from watching movies, TV, and reading books and magazines. When your culture comes from watching TV everyday, youre bombarded with images of things that seem cool, places that seem interesting, people who have jobs and careers and opportunities.
As an investor, what were not looking for is oh this is a cool app, its is this something that can become a big business? You need to find those that can become real businesses.
Im a comic book artist. So I think to myself, what do I like to draw? I like to draw hot chicks, fast cars and cool guys in trench coats. So thats what I write about.
I thought Daredevil was kind of cool because he couldnt do anything. I mean, hes blind. It wasnt that he could fly. His major power was an impediment. So I was intrigued. When I took over he was kind of like Spider-Man-lite, but I was able to project a lot of my Catholic imagery onto it. And Id always wanted to do a crime comic.
But acting is very much a profession that is youre hot one moment and not the next - and that is totally cool. I think thats what I find most fascinating and most exciting about it - is that it can be gone in a puff of smoke.
Man, I love the Lord of the Rings movies. Some people would say Im weird for liking those types of movies, but they are so cool.
Robert De Niro... It seemed like a pretty cool thing to do to put his name on my resume next.
I dont count on the boy who waits till October, when its cool and fun, then decides he wants to play.
Apparently its cool to watch The Daily Show.
That was cool and that sucked all at the same time.
If your album sells, thats cool, more people find out about you, more people get turned on to what were really about-which is a live rock and roll band.
When I look at President Obama, I see a leader with a cool head, a caring heart and an open mind, a president who has demonstrated through his demeanor and through his deeds that he is uniquely qualified to heal our divisions, rebuild our nation and lead us to a brighter future together.
When the soul drifts uncertainly between life and the dream, between the minds disorder and the return to cool reflection, it is in religious thought that we should seek consolation.
I represent the kids who come from nothing but who understand it all and love it all. Thats what I represent - those are the cool kids, you know, the kids of tomorrow, because who wouldve known that Id be who I am today? We are the kids of tomorrow.
When I was 24, I was full of life. I was that ham who wanted to be famous, a movie star, all that stuff. I think its cool. But it was not what I was searching for, really. It was more a delusion.
We have newsreaders behaving like actors, lowering their voices if its a sad story, as if we didnt know its a sad story. There isnt a single cool newsreader.
Sydney in the 1960s wasnt the exuberant multicultural metropolis it is today. Out in the citys western reaches, days passed in a sun-struck stupor. In the evenings, families gathered on their verandas waiting for the southerly buster - the thunderstorm that would break the heat and leave the air cool enough to allow sleep.
Ive had fans come and knock on my door. Im usually polite, but Im usually very direct and say, Its not cool that you come here uninvited.
I was a Duck Hunt and Mario guy, and stuff like that. I was never technologically driven. I never had all the cool, new toys. I was the youngest child, I wasnt the only child, so I wasnt spoiled as a kid. And, we were on the farm, so we didnt have a lot. Also, with computers, Im not very good with them. I just check my email.
Whats weird is that I work with these directors and then I start channeling them. I kind of turn into them a bit - which is cool when youre working with Clint Eastwood.
I think that Obama is very cool. And I think hes clever, and I think he can be witty. But I dont think hes funny in either the way that Reagan was funny - or John McCain and Dick Cheney are both funny in that ruthless, kind of mean way.
We do this basically for ourselves. People appreciate it, which is cool, but I think they appreciate that were doing it for ourselves. Were doing it our way, and how people like it is not up to us. We like it.
In Hollywood today, its cool for guys to wear nail polish and earrings in their lips and tongues. I dont get it.
If only media people would stop reaching for the low-hanging fruit, which is cynicism and pessimism, and stopped trying so hard to be hip and cool and have a swagger.
Im an actor. I try to play a character in a really cool story, the very best I can.
I wasnt one of the cool kids by any stretch. I just bumbled along really.
Well, its a little harder in New York. Its not as forgiving to a film crew. You hold up a bunch of New Yorkers who cant cross the street, theyre not going to take it well. Southern California? Theyll wait. Its cool man. In New York, theyre like, Are you kidding me? I gotta get to work.
When I was younger, the pressure was just being cool. I never thought of myself as a cool guy. I always thought of myself as more of the goofy guy.
I could finally quit my job as a bartender and stop dreaming that I might be Superman and know that I was. Then I started thinking about how cool it was.
I really love rap music. I grew up in the 80s and 90s with Public Enemy, N.W.A., LL Cool J - Im a hip-hop encyclopedia. But I got kind of frustrated with the chauvinistic side of rap music, the one that makes it hard to write songs about love and relationships.
There arent as many girl superheroes, but there are cool ones. Banshee, for instance.
Id love to be an artist thats multifaceted. At the moment, I am not. But wouldnt that be cool if I was like, Yeah, let me pull out my guitar and play you a song. I would adore that. I am so far not gifted in that way. But I am a very hard worker and a very determined person, so who knows?
Im thought of as a cool, unemotional dancer, but inside Im not.
My sister has three kids so Ive spent a lot of time around children and Ive always really liked them and wanted my own. Its cool because you think all babies are the same but they arent at all. They all have such different personalities. Its crazy.
Its very cool to be able to say that my first real film was Footloose and my second film I got to star alongside Tom Cruise and Catherine Zeta-Jones.
But live shows are cool. I just got back into the idea of enjoying it live.
Lonnie was ahead of his time, but at the same time he was right in there with Albert Collinss Cool Sounds.
I always looked really young for my age. And once I hit 23, 24 and 25, I was then allowed to play the cool 18-year-olds and stuff.
I get recognised sometimes, and thats really cool. Ive tried certain disguises, but that doesnt work.
For me the stunts are so cool, theyre one of my favourite things when were doing the film.
People recognize me, call me Ron, and ask me questions. Its really cool and weird as well.
Id like to have the flying car, I think thatd be really cool.
My band is so dedicated, everybody works very hard. The No. 1 priority is the show, and its pretty cool because we all pull together, and its fun. Its like being on a sports team or something.
I think Al Gore has done a great service in making global warming cool. Hes basically taken it from a nerdy, almost ignored issue to making it what it is - namely, a problem.
For a long time the people at my shows were sort of the Pantera-tattoo trucker guys, really cool dudes, but I dont know what happened to them. Thats the crowd that I like, the ones that dont get so offended just to be offended.
I dont watch reality TV. Im cool.
The band feels loose in all the right ways, and its just so cool looking out and seeing all of these people that I havent seen in a while.
You know, you grow up with the image of John Travolta being super cool - Saturday Night Fever, Brian De Palma, handsome young god... he, in reality, is a very silly man. And I mean that in a good way. Hell walk around the set talking in little weird voices, making people laugh.
Whats cool about indie rock is that one band can do effectively the same thing as another band, and one band nails it, and the other one doesnt. I like that elusiveness.
With all of you men out there who think that having a thousand different ladies is pretty cool, I have learned in my life Ive found out that having one woman a thousand different times is much more satisfying.
I want you to see that Im looking. Look at me look at you. Im cool with that.
I could never dream of being cool.
You actually dont want people thinking your product is cool, because then youre a fad.
I think being a wealthy member of the establishment is the antithesis of cool. Being a countercultural revolutionary is cool. So to the extent that youve made a billion dollars, youve probably become uncool.
My relationship with my mom is so amazing. We never got to have that stage that people go through, like when youre 13 and you think youre too cool for your parents. When youre embarrassed by them and stuff. We never went through that because I was constantly working and she constantly had to be there.
You show up in Paris, and on the drive from the airport to the hotel youre like, This is so cool! I want to see something! I want to go to the Eiffel Tower! And then you leave the next morning. You think, Oh, I didnt get to do anything. I tell people: Ive been just about everywhere, but Ive seen nothing.
Everybody thinks its going to be so glamorous, so cool, youre on Glee, you know, a hit show or whatever.
I was probably cool around the end of 2002.
But being on location and shooting, whether its in Puerto Rico or Atlanta, it always reminds me of how really cool my job can be. Interacting with the fans is one of the best parts of it.
People connect with me just as a cool, around-the-way type of guy.
You dont have to be a certain thing to be cool. If youre white, you dont have to act black or whatever. Just be you and know who you are.
And in a world without heroes, as the movie trailer voice-over guy might say, the slightly awkward can be slightly cool.
To me, what I love about the draft is first, you see the young men who are realizing their dreams that theyve worked so hard for. Thats a pretty cool thing. You saw the emotion from some of these guys the other day. And then, the second thing is this total sense of hope and optimism. And, I think thats great for everybody.
I do, I kick major butt in Dredd. I get to kill people. I break a guys neck by roundhouse kicking him in the face. It was me, I did it. I learned how to roundhouse kick. I also do it with my hands cuffed behind my back so its pretty cool I have to say. Yeah, leather body suit, blonde hair, the whole thing.
I shall go the way of the open sea, to the lands I knew before you came, and the cool ocean breezes shall blow from me the memory of your name.
Im more into the Spawn toys. Theyre really cool. Theyre coming out with a Techno Spawn series and another series, The Dark Ages, which are really cool.
Its cool to be recognised by your peers.
The idea of recognising your strengths and using them in as versatile a way as you can is cool to me.
What I do doesnt sit well in the world of hipsterville. I dont have a cool card, but I also dont have thin skin.
Above all, film is a business... Independence is a really cool thing as you can be a bit more bold, and take a few more chances with what you do.
I used to lie between cool, clean sheets at night after Id had a bath, after I had washed my hair and scrubbed my knuckles and finger-nails and teeth. Then I could lie quite still in the dark with my face to the window with the trees in it, and talk to God.
My strangest media moment a photo session they all had dressed up like 50 gangsters. That was pretty cool. We have to get some more of those kind of photos sometimes.
When I decided to launch my first knitwear line, it was because I saw a void in the basics category. The editors were always looking for cool, fashion-forward tees and sweaters. So thats where I started.
If people are taking pictures of me at Starbucks, its not the end of the world. Its cool, its fun, its exciting.
And looking at todays music scene, I think its cool that there are a lot of consumers and fans not limited by what radio and the record companies tell them to buy.
The cool thing about music is no one can take music away from you, writing wise.
I dont think, generally speaking, people become writers because they were the really good, really cool, attractive kid in class. Ill be honest. This is our revenge for people who were much better looking and more popular than us. I was a bit like that, I suppose.
If you can get a teen leader in each sector of a student population, you can pull people in. Everybody wants to get involved, but most are too afraid. When they see a person they think is cool leading it, theyre first to join.
Im way better in person than I am on things like Twitter. I know Twitter is the best and fastest way to connect with fans who really appreciate you but Im still not cool with it - although I am trying! I try my best but Im a one-on-one person and I dont want to tell people Im on the toilet or I just brushed my teeth.
In France, everyone speaks French cause they think its cool. Gives em, gives em an excuse to smoke.
Im not really cool, or dashing, or any of those things.
That was really cool. I got to kiss a little boy. I was 7 and he was 10, and his name is Thomas Curtis. He was the first boy Ive ever kissed in my entire life and he was three years older than me.
Theres no point in swanning through and being cool as a breeze in every scene. Its not really that interesting. Even if youre a superhero.
I think the great sketch shows, like Python and Mr. Show, they didnt stick around for very long. Theres something kind of cool about that.
Acting is sort of an extension of childhood. You get to play all of these roles and have so much fun. Playing an athlete would be so cool. Or where you get to shoot guns, ride horses. I wouldnt turn down any of that.
Being in America isnt old-hat - its where were from - but I get excited to be in other parts of the world like Athens and Croatia, which were quite cool. Im a sightseer. I go see the sights and museums. Im into that kind of thing.
My mother used to take me to flea markets in my stroller, and I would just rummage through the piles. Youve got to dig through the overstuffed racks that everyone else just walks by. Its the only way to find the cool stuff.
I dont like reading things that people say on the Internet because I know so much of it is not true. I dont want to waste my time worrying about what other people are thinking. I just want to focus on being able to do cool projects.
Belly buttons are cool!
In my books the technology that I choose to talk about has to serve the themes. What that means is that I end up having to cut out a lot of cool technology that would be really fun to describe and play with, but which would just confuse everybody. So in Amped, I focus on neural implants.
I may be the prat in the hat, thats cool, but I drive an Aston Martin DB5.
With The Host, I think the actors could be really big names. That would be cool. Id love to see Robert Redford put on a beard and be Jeb he would be amazing... Matt Damon has some very Jared-esque qualities, and then Casey Affleck as Ian and Ben Affleck as Kyle. Imagine the interplay.
When certain bootleg companies started off and they would take maybe ten per cent of whatever they got and help fuel new bands, which Im cool with, I think thats a good idea. Most of the record companies are not doing that.
Adeles amazing, I think the world of her and her music and I think Tinie Tempah is cool. To work with someone like Kanye West would be awesome.
Its just cool for a girl to be able to do her own thing. I do a lot of movies, and Im very lucky, and Im not complaining. But in movies, alongside big action men, weve always got to take a step back and let the men shine.
Hes as cool as a prized marrow!
But this is Miami, you cant come to Miami and not show any skin. You gotta show something. If youre all covered up in this heat, youre gonna make me pass out out just to look at you. Its sweaty in Miami-but the diamonds will keep me cool.
The private interest of the individual would not be sufficiently provided for by reasonable and cool self-love alone therefore the appetites and passions are placed within as a guard and further security, without which it would not be taken due care of.
Being in love is not cool!
Everything you listen to when you are 17 should be embarrassing, otherwise you are way too cool.
My style icons would be people like Brigitte Bardot and old Hollywood actresses who always look so stunning, cool and chic. I like classic and timeless looks.
I like doing theaters. I like being up close and personal with the fans. Its really cool.
Simon is cool. You know, its different if you ever see him around his mom. He acts totally different.
All I know is that Ive ruled out wearing fairy wings. When I was nine I wanted to get married in fairy wings, and now I realize thats not cool anymore.
Honestly, Im cool with everyone, and people pick up on that. Id say, Im not gay, but its all good. Its kind of like going to Paris when you dont know the language some Americans get into trouble over there, but Im just like, Sorry, I dont speak French.
Sometimes guys are so concerned with being cool and hanging out with their friends. They dont want to seem like the guy that has to call his girlfriend. Its just boys growing up.
We, some cast members and I, even went on a weekend trip together and spent the weekend at an inn, because we enjoy each others company so much, and it was so cool.
If you meet a girl, you meet a girl. Its normal, so if you exchange numbers, whatevs, its cool.
When I think of the definition of cool and when I look at people, John Travolta is really the definition of cool because, not only is he great in all his movies, but, as a person, hes just really cool.
I always thought it would be really cool to be playing the drums in the show and then have your astral body or whatever travel all through the audience and dig whatever its like out there.
Am I really cool? Youre telling me Im cool? Well, thats good to hear.
Ron Howard is as good a person as you could want to work with on film. He never lost his cool. Hes the most easygoing, lovely man, but hes got this enormous intelligence and a wonderful humanity.
If the choice is between doing something supercool and having no one hear it and doing something equally cool and tricking people into putting it on the radio, I dont think the second option is some big sellout.
My music was never considered cool, but Ive always felt that connection with the audience.
I would never do a commercial for something that is embarrassing, and I think that people maybe have a different perspective on what is embarrassing or not. Some people think doing a Revlon hair commercial is really cool. To me, thats embarrassing, but World of Warcraft - not embarrassing, very cool.
So you got the cool New Yorkers, and then there are the less-than-cool New Yorkers.
I mean the cool thing about the movies is that you get to try on these different personalities and different styles.
I knew exactly what I wanted to do. I wanted to build some kind of lifestyle brand that was preppy and cool.
We had incense and rocknroll posters, and we sold records and rolling papers. People could just, like, hang out. We had a cool vibe going.
I influenced the BG style by not being able to draw perspective. The BG artists developed cool graphic painting styles to make my bad backgrounds look like they were that way on purpose.
I try to be the best husband I can be, and if people respect that, thats cool. But theres no perfect husband. We just all try to do the best we can, you know what I mean?
One interviewer asked me: How do you feel that youve betrayed your father? That wasnt really very cool.
Its really hard for actors to cross over and get any respect as a singer, and if I could just keep it separate and not use my music in movies, its cool.
Theres kind of a cool feel that happens every now and then. I guess that feel is the thing that makes the score its own score. But, I dont know exactly what that is. So, its hard for me to answer that question.
I have visualizations where Im living in a really cool place - probably outside of town - with a really dope studio where I can record music or film things. Just have my own mini production house. Thats really the thing Id love to end up with the most and only do gigs when I needed to and also amass a little bit of a crew around me.
Sometimes airport security people recognize me. Ill go through the whole screening process and at the end theyll go, Hey, man, I really like your work. Thats so cool.
My parents were vegetarians. Id show up at school, this giant black kid, with none of the cool clothes and a tofu sandwich and celery sticks.
I didnt come to Hollywood to drink or get high, and I dont want to be considered a cool actor - I want to be a great actor.
You have to be the best of whatever you are, but successful, cool actresses come in all shapes and sizes.
In my school, people liked the gym teachers because they were the football or soccer coaches. But look, if theyre cool, they get respect.
When people meet me, many times theyre very surprised because they expect someone who is kind of wacky with seven piercings and very hip and cool and New York City, and Im not.
I just want to do cool stuff.
For years I have been going to the South of France to cool out.
Its cool to have instruments lying around because they give you different ideas.
I do think sometimes theres danger in guest appearance mania. Ive seen too many examples that sound cool on paper, like Oh, get that guy to sing the hook on that guys song, and then thats all it is. Its a cool idea that sounds good on paper.
Its pretty cool that people will pay for something even though they dont have to. Its totally different now to back in the day. Now youre paying for a record because you believe in the band. In the future that will be the only time people will pay for albums, because theres some kind of connection.
I didnt want to come up with some generic Johnny Bravo type name. Im not that cool, so I might as well stick with my birth name.
We want to do for Hamlet what Baz Luhrmann did for Romeo and Juliet in terms of like a really cool kind of re-imagining.
I once owned a really, really ugly pair of white leather boots. They were so bad. It was back in the 80s! It was just a really tacky fashion choice when I was in middle school, and I thought it was cool. Im really embarrassed.
I was labeled at a young age - Miss Unemotional, Miss Cool, and that would carry over to my press conferences.
Being on Oprah? You realize that there are a couple of types of audience members. There are like the cult people in the audience who are just crying before she gets on. And then there are the people who are playing it cool. I definitely was somewhere in the middle.
For me, everything is cool.
People always come up to me now and say, Watchmen is the best superhero movie ever made. Im always saying Thats super cool. Thats nice of you to say. But it happens now, more and more and more than it did when it first came out.
Now, guitar was pretty cool. Everybody knew something on the guitar. So I wanted to play guitar, but I told my dad if he wanted me to keep studying something, Id like to study piano.
The downright fanatic is nearer to the heart of things than the cool and slippery disputant.
Im just a cool type of guy whos all about positives.
I was the only Christian on the cast, but that was cool because we all respected each others talent and mostly they respected me a lot even though I was the only Christian.
I love David Caruso. I know its not cool, but I do. I watch CSI: Miami. I think hes interesting.
The promos with all of the beautiful women probably attracted some men, but the mystery story line is pretty cool. Its got that dark edge, and people will watch anything funny.
I feel like people start to believe things that people say about them and start to think theyre really important. If you have a family that is down to earth and cool, I dont see how you can be like that.
I have actor friends, but theyre not famous. I feel like if youre an actor or - famous, you have to overly prove that youre a normal, cool person.
In some of the L.A. clubs, people can act too cool to get into your music. That can get to be a bit much.
I never felt cool growing up. I was a bit of an outsider, but I discovered theatre very early on, which got me through.
I get really cool gifts, and I know this sounds really lame, but I think one of the best gifts Ive ever received was the Easy Bake Oven when I was younger. When I was little, I loved to bake! I want to get one now so I can make weird mini desserts for people.
I get letters from kids, teenagers and young girls who just want to be Mac. Ive had quite a few people actually say that theyre going to become a Marine or a JAG lawyer because of me... the character. I think thats pretty cool!
Most people are really cool and I really dont mind talking to them and answering their questions.
I wont go into detail but this animated one, the story line is very cool and the kids seem to love it.
I didnt really work with Vin on it except we talked about it a little bit. I think it was kind of cool because we didnt think it was going to be that emotional. I dont think Vin knew I was going to be that emotional.
Ive worn my share of leopard pink boots to premieres or belts the size of cars. I thought my pink leopard boots were so cool.
I have no control over peoples perceptions of me at all and thats one of the things I decided very early on is that I cant control the way other people think of me. All I can do, especially when it comes to my career is go out there and do cool unique kinds of things.
Now there is so much expertise and brainpower its hard to be at the cutting edge of whats cool and not do something thats totally geeky.
Sometimes acting is really cool because it forces you to exercise certain muscles in your personality that you wouldnt normally be called upon in life.
For electronica music, David Linton has been doing this series called Unity Gain, which is pretty cool.
I dont think I really know just how cool Satan really was when I was in Junior High School. Now, thanks to Marilyn Manson, its no longer a secret.
I have been a huge nerd to my kids. I havent done the cool movies that they like. With 24, I gained a lot of respect. 24 is now, its hip, its their generation.
Arizona is really cool but I couldnt stay there for too long.
I thought that would be kind of cool, to make a bad guy look sympathetic.
In Fargo, they say, well, thats a job. How well do you get paid? For example, for this book I was written about in Entertainment Weekly, and it was kind of cool because my mom asked me if Entertainment Weekly was a magazine or a newspaper.
Im not saying that people have to listen to rock music. Its a great, cool thing and it can really be liberating for a lot of people but, hey, so can Charles Dickens so Im not going to judge.
Theyre a different generation, those kids kids that are under the age of twelve. Theyre not that impressed by rock music, you know what I mean? Theyre like, its cool and everything, but whatever. Theyre just as impressed by YouTube.
The truth is, we have this idea that late night is about creativity and being cool, but thats not our job. Our job is to get as many people watching the commercials in between our show. Thats the reality of it.
Violence is a very ugly thing. Violence is often so casual on film, and made to look so cool and so sexy, but violence is a repulsive, repugnant act that human beings inflict on each other. It shouldnt seem to be cool and sexy, ever really.
Most of what I listen to now is mainstream jazz from 1935 right up to and including early bebop and cool jazz.
The great thing about it is, in Hollywood, certain people are very good at keeping their lives and who they are very private. Ive never met anybody as down to earth and cool in Hollywood than Matt Damon.
Do you want to be an actor, or do you want to be a celebrity? I made that decision when I went to Juilliard. I wanted to be an actor. So, if I get the opportunity to be an actor and do some cool, fun and interesting projects, Im going to do that.
In a daydream sort of way, I think it would be pretty cool to direct a movie. But I have been on movie and TV sets and know it is hard work. I like directing it in my mind. It is easier.
President Clinton is going to embrace President Obama, as he should. They are working together. Theyre different kinds of people. Obama is cool, Clinton is a schmoozer. Both are great speakers. Its a great merging of the party.
Athletes are very cool to me.
This wired generation is kind of cool.
I was horrible at science and math. I couldnt pass a test to save my life! Im surprised that it didnt take me until I was 20 to graduate. Thats why my role is so cool - Grissom is the complete opposite of me.
Thats the best way to feed the human mind. Thats how Bob Marley did it. He never put it in your face. After you got the groove, you were just singing the hooks, because you thought it was cool.
Ten years ago, it was really difficult for a young actress to walk onto a set and disagree with the director and having that be OK and have a conversation about it and everyone be cool with it.
It was cool for a couple of weeks, but how much bad golf can you play?
Some of the hip-hop stuff people get into is exciting, because theres a passion and theres something to explain to a more mainstream audience, so you get these passionate writers who want to express their love for rap and hip-hop, which is cool.
A lot of those little things that I really like doing are just moments of cool articulation, just little moments of phrasing that probably go over everybodys head.
The worst thing I could be thinking is how could I be a cool bass player.
Hes a guys guy, so it pretty much became like the impressions - dont imitate Sean Connerys voice, and things like that. We were all kind of doing it towards the end of the film, anyway, and he was cool with it.
I found out some really cool ways to swing around the Winchester.
It was really cool going to Sea World. We had an amazing time. They were amazing to us. We got to swim with the dolphins, and it was really special.
I like being out front, doing what I do, but then I also like playing in a band too. Id like to do stuff like I did with Deee-lite. I went out and played with them and they were the stars, that was cool.
If Im driving to L.A. and have anxiety about making the drive, if Ive got Peggy with me, were cool.
I like to give dimension to shots inside action scenes. Its demanding because you have to rehearse a lot of things happening at the same time and frame all those things in a shot. But I feel like when you accomplish that then youve got a cool action scene.
Actually just recently I came up with that idea, watching the movie Legally Blonde and I was like, Cool, thats something I want to do.
Everybody hangs out with everybody, which is very strange for a cast this large and this young. Were all cool and down to earth and not caught up in this maniacal business at all... . Everybody really, really likes everybody else.
A Christian high school is just like any other high school in the sense of the politics and all of these levels of whos cool and what to wear.
When youre nearing 35, going, Hey Dad, I cant make these payments, just isnt cool.
I wanted to be an actress. I think it had a lot to do with being a kid and watching how every time my dad would stand up to talk people would applaud... that was pretty cool.
I think trying to be cool is the worst possible ambition - and I have never suffered from it.
Its pretty cool to see how far music can take you.
I was training more learning how to scuba dive which Id never done which was really, really, really cool.
My purpose is to make a movie to make you warm. To give you some heat. Now, this rational world has become a place where only what is cool is good. Do you cut the movie on the basis of the beat of modernity or the basis of the beat of your own heart?
Punks influence on music, movies, art, design and fashion is no longer in doubt. It is used as the measurement for what is cool.
I like that band Get Hustle. Theyre cool live. I havent heard their records, though.
It was really really neat to make the movie because there were mentally challenged actors in the movie. So that was really really cool to work with them and they were always really happy, and they made everybody really happy on the set too.
Courtney Love is really cool and funny. I would like to meet Julia Roberts and Cameron Diaz. I think I could play their daughters.
We used to play the underground clubs like the UFO, and Middle Earth, and they were great because they would have on things like a poet, string quartets, and then a rock band! It was kinda cool!
They have decided to tour under the name of Ten Years After which I dont think is very cool. To be honest, they have had to do that as its the only way they can get any work.
Ive been such an oddball my whole life, but Ive always been cool and Ive always dressed fairly smartly.
I think Ive been incredibly raw my whole career. A lot of people spend a lot of time trying to look cool and spend time being guarded and putting up walls. I just never had the time. It seems more honest to say, Hey, this is who I am.
Orlandos a part of me. The next guys a part of me. And the next guys a part of me. Thats all Im trying to do, is tell cool stories that people can relate to.
The cool part about working for Disney is that theyve allowed me to be a change agent.
When youre 14, anything with a sword and a dragon is pretty cool. But when youre 21 and youve read 2,000 fantasy novels, you start to realize that some of those books, well, they werent really good. OK, lets be honest. A lot of them were crap.
I never set out to become famous. I mean, when youre 14 you think Im gonna become a writer and people will want my autograph and thatll be cool, but you grow up and you learn thats just not how the world works. I resigned myself to the fact that I would probably never be published and if I did it probably wouldnt be a big deal.
Dont get me wrong, magic is cool. But a nervous mother singing to her child at night while something moves quietly through the dark outside her house? Thats a story. Handled properly, its more dramatic than any apocalypse or goblin army could ever be.
Look at Neil Diamond. Was he the cool guy? No, he was the housewives guy. He didnt try to be what he wasnt. He just did what he did - made great music, was a good entertainer, nice-enough guy.
My friends that are snobs think its cool I did a movie with Albert Brooks.
On stage, we just want to generate hysteria. We dont care about looking cool or posing.
See, at a certain point it becomes cool to be boy crazy. That happens in sixth grade, and it gives you so much social status, particularly in an all-girls school, if you can go up and talk to boys.
Im not hip, Im not cool, Im not glib.
Roy Schneider was cool. I learned quite a bit from him.
Tobeys a mellow, cool guy. Hes just a good guy. I know thats not the answer you want, and I dont mean that as the political thing to say, but hes a nice guy.
You want hot days to get your fruit ripe but then you want it to cool off nicely at night so that the grapes stay on the vine longer and develop complexity.
I joined MySpace in September 2003. At that time no one was on there at all. I felt like a loser while all the cool kids were at some other school. So I mass e-mailed between 30,000 and 50,000 people and told them to come over. Everybody joined overnight.
Everyone in Hollywood wanted a role in this movie. Everyone wanted to have a part in it. I feel so lucky that I got one, but what I find so cool about Hunger Games is that the real star is the story itself.
When I first started acting I was about nine years old. I had never been to audition in my life and my agent sent me out. It was just a commercial for Harry Potter. That was the first thing I ever went out for and I got the Harry Potter commercial which was really cool, but I didnt play Harry Potter.
If we really wanted to be cool, and everyone in the world had Pro Tools, we could just put it up on the internet and everyone could make their own record out of it.
In politics almost all of us are nerds, so thats just a given... but were cool nerds.
They used to say it was bad for Indians to drink, but its bad for anybody. When they drink they lose their cool, a lot of us. Like when we played with Sonny Boy, I would never get paid, you know. He would drink up all the money.
If I took over the Glamour offices for a day, I would put Joe Pesci on the cover. I would say Weve got to change all these magazines a little bit. We have to bring out a different version of what is, like, cool. You know, whats winning. Joe Pesci, Burt Reynolds.
You know, what New Girl is doing is theyre bringing in really cool people. These are home-run people who arent your typical guest-star-type people.
My first three years of high school, I wasnt that cool.
I never think of myself as any kind of sex symbol, but I get letters from all over, all sorts. Its really cool. I get a lot from inmates, which is kind of scary. But the best was the guy who wanted to send me a plane ticket to fly me to his prom.
There are some people who have stayed with us our whole career, which is pretty cool too.
Im so critical of myself. Im actually really, really proud of the film. Its really cool to see a movie at Sundance because everybody is so supportive.
My parents have always been cool. They even became surrogates to friends of mine who didnt have such supportive parents.
We got to do a few things with President Clinton. To be invited to Washington again to play with Ashanti and all those other cool people there in front of President Bush and the rest of the world feels awesome. Im really looking forward to going.
The thing about stand-up was, I was doing all this sketch and YouTube stuff where I was not being censored and I got to do my own thing, and it was really cool.
Having your own character in a video game is pretty cool.
The military is a very cool world to write about. I went down to Ft. Benning, Ga., for military training, and I learned a lot about soldiers and officers and why they joined up and what their life has been like.
Unless something real cool comes along, I will probably be doing features, so long as I can make a living doing that. Otherwise, I will do another show.
I am a huge fashion fan. Its a really cool way to express yourself.
I do resent that when youre in the most cool, powerful time of your life, which is your 40s, youre put out to pasture. I think women are so much cooler when theyre older. So its a drag that were not allowed to age.
If it was just me and Elvis one on one, which only happened once or twice in the times that I did see him, it was a really comfortable. He was a cool guy. Easy laugh, nice guy.
I think you go through a period as a teenager of being quite cool and unaffected by things.
I definitely dislike pomposity and artifice. I hope that Im not that. Once I write a song, it belongs to the world, and the way people perceive it, its cool.
The simplest way to do something cool is the cross-turn. Like in the 80s - Michael Jackson did it. You jump and cross your legs together at the same time, and then spin out of it. Thats it.
You dont want to be too cool. But you dont want to be too dorky. Still, I find it so much better to see a guy at a club being a dork, and having fun, than trying to be sexy.
I just did a part in Sin City 2. I got to do a scene with Ray Liotta. Amazing man, extraordinary gentleman who was just so kind to me... Im so excited about that I think its gonna be very cool.
Almost all the fans I meet are pretty cool people. Theyre intelligent and tend to think about things a bit more than your average rocknroll fans: sensible people I wouldnt mind having a drink with.
The name Crow was inspired by a number of things. I thought it would be cool to have a robot with sort of a Native American feel to it.
But if you think you arent creative thats cool, too. I think being around people who arent creative is kind of refreshing and nice.
It feels quite cool, in a mad way, to be someone who skulks about in the shadows.
Id wear flip-flops and jeans. I guess thats not cool.
Meyer and I have a bit in common because were both left-handed. I think its great that he seeks out that advice because hes not too cool or too uncomfortable to ask for it.
Everyone focuses on the earthly state, but how cool might death be? I believe in spiritual rebirth, and I cant wait to experience that.
I love people, and I love to be with people and to make music with people, but my natural state is to revert back to being by myself in my house, which is cool because thats where I practice and write and listen and study.
I think Im much too earnest to be as cool as Boyd Crowder.
I love Prince Harry. Good looking and a bit of a rebel. Me and his dad are as thick as thieves and I knew Harry before I knew his dad so weve met a few times. I think hes amazing. And I think you can relate to him because hes made mistakes. Hes cool.
My friend and I sang an a cappella rendition of Extremes More Than Words at one of our football pep rallies in a desperate attempt to look cool. For a while, I wore pink Converse All Stars because I thought it made me seem daring and irreverent.
I try to explain to people that you get the roles that are right when theyre right. If you have a nerd character but youre kind of a cool guy, youre probably not going to get the nerd part. The nerd is going to get the nerd part. You know, someone like me.
Im a massive fan of Drake, and we walked right past him. Hes too cool to be clapping One Direction though.
I saw a drummer play once when I was a kid and I thought, thats really cool. You know, youre moving. Youre using your arms and fingers. So I tried it and I loved it.
I think that was a moment of cool panic there.
I love seeing people having fun. Everyone over in L.A. is too cool for it. Thats the problem.
Ive always thought vampires were interesting because they live forever, theyre always well-financed, they dress well, you know what I mean? And theyre, like, cool. Usually vampire - youve never seen a broke vampire. Have you?
Im not geeky but I have my geeky, corky moments, and then Ive got some aspects of cool in me, I guess.
When you think back to your first kiss, your hair is perfect and she was wearing a cool outfit. We remember it with restraint and we remember it with style. We remember it as idealistically as you can think.
I always loved Kate Winslet, but after you meet her you really love her because shes a cool chick.
When you have kids, you just love them. Its similar to when youre in love with someone. You just think they are so cool and want to be around them all the time, but what if she starts being embarrassed and only giving me charity visits? I want her to actually want to see me, so thats what Im going for!
I just got an iPhone, which is cool, but I dont download movies, I dont watch Hulu, I dont have Netflix. I dont do any of that. But I do geek out to music.
When things are really good, really easy its not cool for me.
We looked at each other standing on the podium, and I think we all were tearing up. But we had to keep it cool. I think we did. Then we let out a breath.
Even as a kid, if I would come across something cool in the record store, that would be how I found out about bands. Its kind of the same way these days. In a way even less because there are no record stores to go to anymore.
I know a lot of people dread going to work every morning, but my work is playing pretend and doing stunts and screaming. Its a lot of fun and I get to play dress up. Every day is exciting and different and new and cool. I couldnt be more grateful.
Thirty years ago, we were in a movie theater and thought it was so cool because we were finally delivered from the horrors of stained glass and wooden pews.
There were a few 6th form girls that I got with when I was I the 6th form, they were really nice, so that was cool.
Lots of people say to me, I completely hate Busted. Thats completely cool with me. I understand why.
I hear good things about Xbox Live from some of my younger teammates. I think it would be fun to be able to challenge fans all over the world. It would be cool to be able to play some of my friends back home in the States. Im looking forward to trying it.
I actually bought a travel guitar, and that guitar is really cool. You can actually fold the guitar, and you can plug headphones into it, but its acoustic, or semi-acoustic.
Im not going chic, I swear. The geek endures. But, I mean, a snazzy cool suit looks good.
Im not that into reading. If Im gonna read, Im gonna read some cool sci-fi book or something, not some stupid self-help book.
I think working with Johnny Depp was very intimidating. It was my fault though. I mean hes a total cool nice, nice guy, but I was just so, I dont know, overpowered by his presence. Like hes a very mystic person. Hes older so I never really warmed up around him. I was so stiff.
I would think flying would be pretty cool. You would be able to fly away from all your enemies and get where youre going much faster. But being invisible? You probably wouldnt use that for the good of man.
We should be recklessly abandoned to Jesus, and just turn it over to Him. Through the support I think the sacrifices will be made and well all be cool with it.
If you work in casting, its sort of not cool to want to act. A lot of people think that casting directors are frustrated actors, but it wasnt true with any of the casting people I knew.
I didnt audition for the part! The role was offered to me, and I was so excited to be a part of The Haunting Hour. It is such a cool show and it was so much fun shooting the Intruders.
For The Haunting Hour, I thought it would be a lot of fun. It was great to play this cool kid role. My episode is called The Intruders and my character is this mean, angry teenager because her younger brother was just born and he gets all of the attention. Shes always playing tricks on her family, and there are some cool twists.
Even though I never worked with her, it was still really cool to have Brooke Shields on set. She was so nice and so funny.
The quickest way to defuse fear or insecurity or anger is usually humor. I think comics figure that out quickly, and, once you figure it out, you think, Hey, if I can do this and get paid, that would be kind of cool.
I like men who are very cool but who are also so brilliant that they are almost insane. Sean Penn, Gary Oldman, Bob Dylan, Tom Waits - men who would be flipping burgers if they hadnt found an outlet for their brilliant mind-sets.
My favorite type of music to sing and to listen to, you know, rock. Its not always metal, but you know, half the time it is. Metals cool, you know? Not everybody on American Idol listens to metal.
I like America. I think its pretty cool.
I was a drama major also so its cool to cuss for meaning, but for no apparent reason, no.
I already have legitimacy as a filmmaker and now Im trying to do stuff thats just fun. Until I find a cool tangible subject again that I want to tackle.
I wanted to dress cool, and get all the ladies.
Its cool for me because Im a director, but Im also a teacher. Im a lover of cinema, and I love working with people who are hungry and have the energy to really do better work.
People always used to say to me, Dont you want your own show? Thatd be so cool if you had your own show. I said, You know, its not gonna happen. So - no.
All literature consists of whatever the writer thinks is cool. The reader will like the book to the degree that he agrees with the writer about whats cool.
Its now possible to play and take lessons from any place of the world. The concept of physical distance doesnt exist in the online world, and that is so cool!
A female piano player is always pretty cool to me.
So, its cool that, yes, Hal Jordan is a superhero, but my character is a real-world hero in her own life.
I just really like fun, cool, interesting, quirky girls. And sometimes you find that in 62 model bodies and sometimes theyre short and brunette. All shapes and sizes - its really about the personality. That sounds cliche, but its so freaking true!
What we do every night is we change out the set list as much as we can to make sure that (fans can) go home and tell their friends they experienced something unique and cool.
One of the great bands we opened up for was Priest back in 89. That was really great because at that time we had never met them, never toured with them before. They were a big influence on Slayer, so to open up for them was really cool.
To me, it all comes down to things being character-driven. Its hard for me to look beyond that. CG and all this cool stuff - so be it. But to me, it pretty much begins and ends with character-driven plots rather than technologically-driven plots.
The nude scenes were a little eerie and I felt a bit odd. Yeah, when the camera scanned up my body, I said to my friend, Now, thats a close-up. I mean, you see every inch of my body. But Im okay with it and so it was cool.
Almost any film that you do is an opportunity to open you up and make you more aware of an area that you might not be thinking about. Thats what is kind of cool, or one of the cool things about this profession.
Rhyme patterns are nothing without meanings to the words. A lot of rappers can do those flows, but the raps arent really about anything - which is cool sometimes, but to have the flow and the message is one of my favorite things.
When you go in and do a cool, small character, it feels less like work and more like fun.
I remember being in Atlantic City once when I was 18 or 19, and a sea of people were screaming and pulling their hair because I was there. It was weird. Nobody deserves adulation like that. I tried to explain it to my kids once. I said, Mommy used to be kind of cool, kind of like a Britney Spears.
It was really cool to work with Dakota Fanning. Ive watched her grow up and Ive always loved her films, loved her. It was amazing working with someone who was American as well, because obviously its going to be a different energy straightaway. We got on really well shes so professional and hardworking.
My niece was very much caught up in the vampire craze for young adults, and she thought having a vampire boyfriend would be a cool thing. What do you do on a first date? The more I thought about it, the more fun I had imagining what youd serve a vampire for dinner.
Its great that people are basically spending their two weeks of vacation to come out and be with us in some weird part of the world. And I think we owe it to them to take em to some cool places.
Its just cool to me that Bon Jovi knows my name!
Being an author of banned books is cool, Ive decided.
What I find cool about being a banned author is this: Im writing books that evoke a reaction, books that, if dropped in a lake, go down not with a whimper but a splash.
Thats always a cool thing to be the voice of what the eyes are seeing. It gives you the role of the Greek chorus and thats always fun to do.
I just saw the movie for the first time in its entirely last night. Its really cool when youre in with an audience thats so tuned in and plugged in to whats going on.
Sometimes, the other characters are too normal and then you start to be brought back to reality but then Luna shows up and she is just so funny and cool and honest and slightly mad and shes all that matters. She is 100% true. She puts on no shows, because she is so comfortable with herself.
As a father, you immediately become uncool, especially the older they get. The older you get, its inevitable that, as cool as you think you are, youre probably just as lame in your kids eyes.
You always have in the back of your mind that would be cool if you get recognized. But you cant concentrate on any of those things. Youve got to just keep playing and doing your music and the rest is just a bonus.
My role in Legally Blonde was really rewarding, because I had so much fun working on the movie. Ive had really rewarding experiences on tiny low budget films that youll never see but where I had a cool time creating characters as well. I love almost all of the characters Ive played.
That wasnt the way that things was supposed to be. And all because the so-called culture that I thought was right, that I thought it was cool, and I thought it was fun, and it was exciting at the time. It all led to me laying in a prison bunk by myself with no one to talk to but myself.
I try not to name too many labels - not because its not cool, but because it starts getting political.
Im confident - confident in my skin, and Im cool with my flaws and all that stuff.
Now that I finally have the time for it, this web surfing stuff turns out to be as interesting and fun and addictive as youve all been telling me. Zipping from link to link, chasing an idea across the noosphere, sucking up information like a killer whale - way cool.
I hate it when people come up to me on trains and ask Are you Soulja Boy? If people want pictures or autographs, thats cool, but I dont like the dumb questions.
I love my mother Ali so much. Im a mommas boy. I just have a very cool mom. Its not as though I had any say in the matter. Im just really fortunate. Shes the most kind, loving, giving woman.
Greg Berlanti, David Nutter, Andrew Kreisberg and Marc Guggenheim are the people I wanted to work with. Theyre smart, theyre funny, theyre cool, theyre edgy.
I wouldnt compare myself to any past Idol contestant, because I dont feel like I am like any of them. Maybe stories are cool but my story is different from most peoples story. I dont like to compare myself to other people, I like to just be me.
The Dead was cool, Its a great horror story. I went to the casting director of this movie and talked to him, then they called my agent and had me come in and read for it and they wanted to use me.
Cool things happen. Aces guitar flies through space, goes through a hole, and blows up. I throw drumsticks and they come flying at you.
I have this idealistic and maybe naive thought that almost any song can be anything. If you record one song today, it would maybe be exciting and cool. But I could record the same song next week and it would be something completely different.
I work with really cool people, and so far I havent been approached in any embarrassing manner when it comes to image.
There is a bit of a movement as far as younger people in country music. That is cool because people are saying things like, I didnt listen to country music until so-and-so came along. And Im like, Yeah! Now you know why I love it.
Youre not really necessarily the coolest guy in their life. You are a conduit to the really cool people.
We found out the Gemini spacesuit was, well, oxygen was flowing to keep me cool as well as to breathe, and it wasnt good enough. My visor got fogged.
A guys biggest style mistake is definitely trying to look too cool. As long as youve got a good pair of jeans, a good pair of boots and a few good shirts, youre fine.
I liked the name Frog Brigade because it lent itself to a lot of cool imagery with the whole frog thing.
I have this desire to just while away weeks, months and years. It took me two years to make this record but that was with me trying to condense my process and not disappear down the rabbit hole with all the cool things Ive collected. I could take 10 years and not explore everything I want to with these instruments.
Maybe you are the cool generation If coolness means a capacity to stay calm and use your head in the service of ends passionately believed in, then it has my admiration.
Spiderman can climb walls and hes got a cool outfit.
I am kind of a private person, so I dont miss that part of show business at all. Looking back on my career in television and making a movie like The Sound of Music from an adult point of view, it actually seems kind of unreal. I was involved in shows that people grew up with - that hold memories for them - and its a cool feeling.
I love crispy, cool sheets.
There is something exciting about being in an environment in which its really cool to be smart.
Looking so cool, his greed is hard to conceal, hes fresh out of law school, you gave him a license to steal.
Im a big fan of all the Boston guys that are acting - Matt Damon , Ben Affleck, Mark Wahlberg - they made a great career out of it, and they found a way to do it and still be cool guys, so thats kind of where I want to be.
I was a dancer, and its not really cool for a boy to dance, so it was inspiring to see a movie like Footloose where a guy is dancing masculine and had a proper reason behind it. It made me feel cool, and when these kids would make fun of me, Id be like, Oh, didnt you see Footloose, man?
I think it can be fun to be single and date-like when you dont want a relationship. Or when youve just gotten out of a relationship, and, after get over the initial shock, your thinking, Hey, its kind of cool being single.
My whole family actually, but my parents. I had such a normal and amazing childhood. Ive been so lucky. My parents are cool and normal. They dont talk about the business and I still have stuff to do at their house.
I used to skip out of high school and go flying. It was just one of those things, I thought it was kind of a cool thing to do. I never thought about doing that as a profession, but I started checking things out and I found out there was a flight school down in Daytona Beach, called Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University.
I was 35 years old and in a position to take a shot at whatever I wanted to try. The Air Force said I was too old to fly fighter jets. I thought about becoming a fishing boat captain, before deciding that acting seemed pretty cool.
I got a phone call from Fearne Cotton. It was amazing! I literally couldnt believe it. It was so cool. It was the night before I was going on her show to sing on the Live Lounge. She was so lovely.
Dinosaurs was a cool idea, but we just couldnt find a way to make it really fun. Weve got a bunch of great game ideas that we want to bring to life over the next several years.
I went to engineering school, which I thought was what I wanted to do, for about two weeks. We had an orientation class and we met this guy where he worked and stuff and it was cool, but I was like, There is no way this is going to be my life.
With these men and women who work-for the cause with all their hearts, with cool heads and skilled hands we will master every fate.
Atlanta is an incredibly cool city.
I liked the way my character, Shane, was first introduced. You get introduced to her through this sexual action, and I thought that was so cool and just kind of summed up what she enjoys and who she is, to a certain extent. Shes a complete sexual being and the great thing is that she doesnt apologize for it. Its just who she is. We rarely see women be able to do that on television.
What I like about the Underworld thing is that its a mix of cool genres, as well as creating its own message.
I saw Captain America in 3D. Its cool. I liked the beginning. Its a really good setup.
Ive got two brothers and two sisters, so theres five of us and were all very close, which is cool.
I like starting. Its pretty cool.
Im a big techno fan. I love that thumping kick drum. We heard a version of Lost in Love and it was thrash metal. It sounded cool!
I know some actors feel classes are not cool or they create negative public relations, but I continue to crave the story just beyond my reach. To grasp that brass ring I need to continue to fine-tune my talents.
And when I was a kid being an actor was not cool. Im thirty now and when I was a kid in the 80s that wasnt a cool thing to be.
Again, like I said, were not trying to censor anyone. If you think drugs are cool, fine. Make that movie. We are not going to stop you, or try to stop you, but we would encourage other people to be a bit more responsible about their portrayal of drug usage.
I do love to walk around in New York because people will notice me, smile, but they never bother anyone. New Yorkers are very cool. I love New York.
I grew up on the South Side of Chicago, north Beverly. It was cool, everybodys cool on the block.
Working with Omarion is pretty amazing. Thats like my brother. Hes really cool.
When I was in high school, my friends and I would drive out into the country to abandoned houses and structures... haha... to ghost hunt. We would scare each other so bad! We would sometimes camp out by the abandoned buildings just to scare ourselves! Such good times. The adrenaline of real fear is so cool!
I dont want to stay underground for just the cool people.
Being a kid and growing up is such a cool part of life.
The alternative scene, for a couple years now, has been taken seriously and thats a cool thing. I dont think its exploded or anything, but I think its pretty cool that it still exists, its still affecting people.
I noticed that this defense attorney is a very, very intelligent man, and hes very cool and hes very knowledgeable, and I think that personally Id like to have an attorney like him.
Everyone is different, but Im not standoffish at all. Im not one of those people who prefer to write a note. Ill walk right up to you and ask you out! Even if the answers no, Im totally cool with it.
I am a very open, social, friendly person, and when it comes to people approaching me and asking for an autograph, I am totally cool with doing any of that. Its a lot of fun.
A couple days ago, I saw a lot of people tweeting, Oh, its so cool Home is being used in the Olympics! We dont really get to watch much TV, man, with the concerts every night, but I wish I could have seen it. I really just found out through Twitter and my management texting me. I thought it was really awesome.
I think there are four or five interesting pockets where a lot of cool technology companies are getting started. Chicago is one of them. New York is certainly another. Silicon Valley really dominates. And youre seeing some stuff out of Boston and Seattle and down South.
And getting stunt coordinator Dan Bradley and everybody from the whole Bourne Supremacy crew, I think was real cool for our film because we do a bunch of really big jumps in this movie.
I just thought it could make a really cool movie. Its not that its just a buddy comedy but its all about two guys hating each other and towards the end theyre good friends. I liked that these two guys were best friends from the very beginning, and theyre crazy.
I think its really cool to embrace the pain of something that may have hurt you and be able to express it through music.
People spend hours constantly checking and tweeting and Facebooking. And its cool to check up on your friends and see whats going on in the world, but its not cool to spend five hours of your day on the computer looking at the Internet.
Well, I look at it like this: When you go to a restaurant, the less you know about what happens in the kitchen, the more you enjoy your meal. If the soup tastes good, everythings cool, and you dont necessarily want to know whats in it. The same thing holds true with movies.
Its really cool to know that youve put something together that isnt for a particular audience. Its so often that a TV show can really only speak to one sect of the population, and this really is something that appeals to a worldwide fan base. People who are into the pursuit of knowledge. Their reaction has meant the world to us.
Ive always been into guitars... we want to put keyboards on, but keyboard players dont look cool onstage, they just keep their heads down. There has never been a cool keyboard player, apart from Elton John.
To me, anyone with an Australian accent wielding a tennis racket is cool.
On a film set everyone is very cool. Well, blase really.
But its cool working with female directors because Im a girl, so you do relate to them more. You can talk to them about other stuff like clothes and all that.
You know, Southerners are pretty cool.
I dont mind what the role is at all I just want to play cool characters.
Florida has been really cool to us. This is our first big club tour, and Pennywise has been really nice.
Ive won some pretty cool things in my life and I have a lot of great titles.
Its fun to be a part of pop history. Anytime you can be referenced in that respect it can be cool.
Will Smith is young, hes cool and my kids have his CDs.
Two weeks later, we played our first concert and had 100 people there. It was pretty cool.
White people couldnt do black music back in the day because they werent funky or bad enough. They werent from the ghettoes, but hip-hop and R&ampB changed all of that because white kids want to be down with it. They wanted to learn it so they studied the culture. Its kind of a cool thing because we shouldnt be so separate.
I grew up around hip-hop so I didnt think it was about being cool or being black or being white or whatever.
Its pretty cool to be able to hang out with the President and have the race-winning car on the South Lawn.
I love Goodfellas because its a great movie - its funny and there is action at perfect points. I just think Martin Scorsese makes everyone look really cool.
Ive done four other films since Submarine, so thats quite cool. Its just good to have people respect your work Ive never had that before. Yeah, my life has changed crazy. Im a kid from a small town in south Wales, I play my Xbox usually and all that sort of stuff, and its a whole new world.
The Being Human people were really cool and let me improvise. They had such a good working atmosphere. It was a cool set-up and a really good environment to be in.
Im getting a lot of stick because my character in Young Dracula wanted to be vampire, so now that I am a vampire, everyones like, You finally did it! But its cool and I loved doing Young Dracula. That shows finished and I dont know why it ended, so it was brilliant to go into Being Human, which is like the adult version of it.
Id love to pop back into Being Human as Adam. I love the character so much. Ive never really played a character like that. Im always playing the geek, so to play a kid who is very energetic when he wants to be, and who is always trying to get the girls, was really cool.
I want to speak up and tell you that mascara and clothes dont make you cool, neither do name-brand handbags, but being a leader can.
Picking a best friend who stands up for what she believes in, is true to herself and allows you to be yourself without judgement of how cool you are? Well, now youre picking a friend for life.
I was never interested in making cool, distilled, pure objects.
Ive had cameos on some cool shows.
I wasnt some weird loner in school, but I definitely wasnt invited to any of the cool parties.
I was always a sci-fi and fantasy geek. I was in the Lord of the Rings club and all my cool friends made fun of me.
Ninjas are so cool!
Im not cool with ACORN or the working families party, or people that vote like democrats and run on Republican lines.
I once saw a picture in the paper of John Hegley with poet written on his knuckles, and I thought that was pretty cool, so I was quite up front about it.
Ive never won an award for anything, and I think its weird. I mean, thats really cool but its strange to think you could get an award for acting. I always thought that was strange.
They use all of the music that I did in the 50s, 60s and the 70s behind people like Tupac and LL Cool J. Im into all that stuff.
I feel like my music is just an extension of my acting. I treat the songs like scenes that tell a story... its very similar. My favorite thing is when cartoon fans show up to my live gigs! They are always the most kick-butt audience members cause theyre not trying to act all cool like a lot of the music fans do! Its refreshing!!
My favorite thing is when cartoon fans show up to my live gigs! They are always the most kick-butt audience members cause theyre not trying to act all cool like a lot of the music fans do!
We believe the ice sheet was not around all the time. It was only around during cool snaps of the climate.
I remember in high school trying to get home from water-polo practice in time so I could see Happy Days on television when it first came on, because I was so blown away by it. It was just such a cool thing.
In the old days, a TV sync was perceived as not so cool or whittling away at your indie cred. Now its seen as much more of an opportunity than a sellout, as a way to find fans who wouldnt have ordinarily come across their genre of music.
I am working on a dress sock line of funky, colorful, cool designs.
The cool thing about writing is that there is really never a typical day. Sometimes I get a rhythm going and head off to work every morning and come home at night. Sometimes Ill write for two days straight and then be utterly blank for the next two.
Its cool to be in the paper every once in awhile and people read about you and they know who you are.
Im playing with Bonnie Raitt. I dont have to sing it. I just have to play it. Thats cool.
Personally, I just got one of these Vonage IP phones. Its actually pretty cool. It comes with one of these Cisco ATA routers where you just plug an analog handset in.
I used to do this as a kid. And now theyre paying me for it, which is cool.
L.A.s cool I had a run with it to where it just pretty much wore me out. I love the weather and I have great friends there, great family, but I really cannot take a lot of the culture. Like Nashville, where everybodys a songwriter, everybody out there is an actor.
There arent many things that are universally cool, and its cool not to litter. Id never do it.
Theres nothing less funny than someone who looks cool. Theres nothing more unappealing.
They very seldom let me lose my cool. They made me like I was Polly Perfect, which was ridiculous so that when I bump into kids on the street theyd say I wish my Mom were like you.
Comedy is so hard to do, so it was very cool to do dead pan humor.
The cool wind blew in my face and all at once I felt as if I had shed dullness from myself. Before me lay a long gray line with a black mark down the center. The birds were singing. It was spring.
Im cool with where Im at. Its certain things I wanna do to be better, but Im good.
You can think of Hollywood as high school. TV actors are freshmen, comedy actors are maybe juniors, and dramatic actors - theyre the cool seniors.
But Freedom Strike was actually quite cool.
Now that we are cool, he said, and regret that we hurt each other, I am not sorry that it happened.
The cool thing about my profession is that I can do it until the day I die.
I get to hang out with people I think are awesome, and do work I think is awesome. Its really cool.
Its cool to have critical success because its always nice for your peers to say, Good job. But who cares about them?
In France, we dont yet have the craft that American TV does or big studios like Paramount. It was so cool going through those famous gates when you have your own little pass and picture on it. Woo hoo, Im going to work!
My sister and I said, Dad, are you doing to do anything about that? And he mentioned treatments other people sent him that hed been working on. So we thought it would be kind of cool to give these guys a real script.
The cool thing about working and meeting a lot of people through your acting is that you never know who you might work with, in the future.
I hated the idea of a high school sweetheart. Growing up, oh my God, it just made me sick. I wanted to have a range of cool boyfriends. I wanted to travel around and date these interesting men. Then it just happened. You fall in love.
When I was in school I read a lot of comic books and pretend I was in them and kids would tease me and call me names. But now I do the same things and people say that Im artistic and cool and Im doing the exact same thing I did in high school.
I was raised to believe in myself. I know Im cool. Im not trying to brag or say Im the man or anything like that. I dont lie or cheat, and Im not mean to anybody. I treat people with respect.
Internet mailing lists are like Fox television shows. They have really cool previews, and they get you all excited about them, but they just dont live up to their promises.
Definitely River Phoenix is somebody that I thought, This guy is very cool. I wanted to be like him when I was a kid.
I thought that Twilight would be a kind of girl movie, but it was cool.
Im in a comic book now. That was cool. Thats something that Im still sorta reeling about, cause I read comics as a kid. Someone drew me, and actually did a pretty good job!
Film and television are just different. Film is cool because its a complete package. You know the beginning, middle, and end. You can plan it out more, which I like. But with television you get a new script every week, so its constantly a mystery as to what youre going to be doing.
I never had a cool older brother or sister to turn me on to cool music. I had to discover it for myself.
Your time is limited, so dont waste it living someone elses life. Dont be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other peoples thinking. Dont let the noise of others opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
There are no easy answers but there are simple answers. We must have the courage to do what we know is morally right.
Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you cant practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage.
Courage is grace under pressure.
We must build dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway.
Dont Make Assumptions. Find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.
One man with courage is a majority.
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.
Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage.
How few there are who have courage enough to own their faults, or resolution enough to mend them.
Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart courage to make love known?
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before.
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.
He is a man of courage who does not run away, but remains at his post and fights against the enemy.
From caring comes courage.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to ones courage.
The only service a friend can really render is to keep up your courage by holding up to you a mirror in which you can see a noble image of yourself.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.
Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. Its courage that counts.
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.
Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!
Courage is a kind of salvation.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
God, give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, courage to change the things which should be changed and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.
Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
Courage is found in unlikely places.
Courage is the greatest of all virtues, because if you havent courage, you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others.
To have courage for whatever comes in life - everything lies in that.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex... It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
The opposite for courage is not cowardice, it is conformity. Even a dead fish can go with the flow.
One man with courage makes a majority.
Real courage is when you know youre licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.
Im grateful to God for His bountiful gifts... He gave me courage and faith in myself.
A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their graves obscure men whose timidity prevented them from making a first effort.
The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage.
A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die.
We must have courage to bet on our ideas, to take the calculated risk, and to act. Everyday living requires courage if life is to be effective and bring happiness.
The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself, in spite of being unacceptable.
Never be discouraged. If I were sunk in the lowest pits of Nova Scotia, with the Rocky Mountains piled on me, I would hang on, exercise faith, and keep up good courage, and I would come out on top.
It is only necessary to have courage, for strength without self-confidence is useless.
We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends.
Courage - a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger, and a mental willingness to endure it.
If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
Courage is not the absence of despair it is, rather, the capacity to move ahead in spite of despair.
Courage is being afraid but going on anyhow.
Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.
People with courage and character always seem sinister to the rest.
Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections.
The best protection any woman can have... is courage.
The trials on the road to world harmony are no greater than the courage of those who accept the challenge.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face... we must do that which we think we cannot.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.
I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.
Courage means to keep working a relationship, to continue seeking solutions to difficult problems, and to stay focused during stressful periods.
History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.
One isnt necessarily born with courage, but one is born with potential. Without courage, we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We cant be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest.
You dont develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.
Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in todays world do not have.
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare.
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
A nation which has forgotten the quality of courage which in the past has been brought to public life is not as likely to insist upon or regard that quality in its chosen leaders today - and in fact we have forgotten.
A man of courage is also full of faith.
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds.
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
The courage of life is often a less dramatic spectacle than the courage of a final moment but it is no less a magnificent mixture of triumph and tragedy.
He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees the others.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
Every man has his own courage, and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other persons.
You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the worlds problems at once but dont ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own.
The principles of living greatly include the capacity to face trouble with courage, disappointment with cheerfulness, and trial with humility.
Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence.
Dont wish me happiness - I dont expect to be happy its gotten beyond that, somehow. Wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor - I will need them all.
Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline simulated fear postulates courage simulated weakness postulates strength.
I want to grow old without facelifts. I want to have the courage to be loyal to the face I have made.
My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.
A man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.
It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things.
I never thought much of the courage of a lion tamer. Inside the cage he is at least safe from people.
True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, thats what courage is.
Courtesy is as much a mark of a gentleman as courage.
Hes a man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.
Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Real nobility is based on scorn, courage, and profound indifference.
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
My message to you all is of hope, courage and confidence. Let us mobilize all our resources in a systematic and organized way and tackle the grave issues that confront us with grim determination and discipline worthy of a great nation.
Believers, look up - take courage. The angels are nearer than you think.
God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right even though I think it is hopeless.
All of us have moments in our lives that test our courage. Taking children into a house with a white carpet is one of them.
Change will never happen when people lack the ability and courage to see themselves for who they are.
Character contributes to beauty. It fortifies a woman as her youth fades. A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude, and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
Give us grace and strength to forbear and to persevere. Give us courage and gaiety and the quiet mind, spare to us our friends, soften to us our enemies.
I have a hat. It is graceful and feminine and give me a certain dignity, as if I were attending a state funeral or something. Someday I may get up enough courage to wear it, instead of carrying it.
My mother taught me about the power of inspiration and courage, and she did it with a strength and a passion that I wish could be bottled.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
Life is to be entered upon with courage.
Every human being on this earth is born with a tragedy, and it isnt original sin. Hes born with the tragedy that he has to grow up... a lot of people dont have the courage to do it.
Ive been through it all, baby, Im mother courage.
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when were all sweating it - when were worried that the bill wont pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.
A wise woman recognizes when her life is out of balance and summons the courage to act to correct it, she knows the meaning of true generosity, happiness is the reward for a life lived in harmony, with a courage and grace.
We need to find the courage to say no to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
Untutored courage is useless in the face of educated bullets.
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms. It means a strong desire to live taking the form of readiness to die.
The first virtue in a soldier is endurance of fatigue courage is only the second virtue.
There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence. He is still a King.
Two qualities are indispensable: first, an intellect that, even in the darkest hour, retains some glimmerings of the inner light which leads to truth and second, the courage to follow this faint light wherever it may lead.
Many a man will have the courage to die gallantly, but will not have the courage to say, or even to think, that the cause for which he is asked to die is an unworthy one.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Healing takes courage, and we all have courage, even if we have to dig a little to find it.
Goodness is about character - integrity, honesty, kindness, generosity, moral courage, and the like. More than anything else, it is about how we treat other people.
If human beings had genuine courage, theyd wear their costumes every day of the year, not just on Halloween.
There is nothing in the world so much admired as a man who knows how to bear unhappiness with courage.
I have seen in the Halls of Congress more idealism, more humanness, more compassion, more profiles of courage than in any other institution that I have ever known.
Courage and grace are a formidable mixture. The only place to see it is in the bullring.
No matter what you think about the Iraq war, there is one thing we can all agree on for the next days - we have to salute the courage and bravery of those who are risking their lives to vote and those brave Iraqi and American soldiers fighting to protect their right to vote.
The courage we desire and prize is not the courage to die decently, but to live manfully.
Just remaining quietly in the presence of God, listening to Him, being attentive to Him, requires a lot of courage and know-how.
The paradox of courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life even in order to keep it.
Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
There can be no great courage where there is no confidence or assurance, and half the battle is in the conviction that we can do what we undertake.
We need men with moral courage to speak and write their real thoughts, and to stand by their convictions, even to the very death.
The weak in courage is strong in cunning.
Freedom is the sure possession of those alone who have the courage to defend it.
You will find as you grow older that courage is the rarest of all qualities to be found in public life.
Every day begins with an act of courage and hope: getting out of bed.
A team is where a boy can prove his courage on his own. A gang is where a coward goes to hide.
Each person has inside a basic decency and goodness. If he listens to it and acts on it, he is giving a great deal of what it is the world needs most. It is not complicated but it takes courage. It takes courage for a person to listen to his own goodness and act on it.
It is a blessed thing that in every age some one has had the individuality enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions.
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.
Perfect courage is to do without witnesses what one would be capable of doing with the world looking on.
Courage cant see around corners but goes around them anyway.
Courage and willingness to just go for it, whether it is a conversation or a spontaneous trip or trying new things that are scary - it is a really attractive quality.
Earth teach me to forget myself as melted snow forgets its life. Earth teach me resignation as the leaves which die in the fall. Earth teach me courage as the tree which stands all alone. Earth teach me regeneration as the seed which rises in the spring.
The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to the next.
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.
In the Soviet army it takes more courage to retreat than advance.
Courage without conscience is a wild beast.
Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character had abounded and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and courage which it contained.
Why should we honour those that die upon the field of battle? A man may show as reckless a courage in entering into the abyss of himself.
Lets drink to the spirit of gallantry and courage that made a strange Heaven out of unbelievable Hell, and lets drink to the hope that one day this country of ours, which we love so much, will find dignity and greatness and peace again.
To dare to live alone is the rarest courage since there are many who had rather meet their bitterest enemy in the field, than their own hearts in their closet.
Traits like humility, courage, and empathy are easily overlooked - but its immensely important to find them in your closest relationships.
He who knows no hardships will know no hardihood. He who faces no calamity will need no courage. Mysterious though it is, the characteristics in human nature which we love best grow in a soil with a strong mixture of troubles.
Valor is stability, not of legs and arms, but of courage and the soul.
It is courage, courage, courage, that raises the blood of life to crimson splendor. Live bravely and present a brave front to adversity.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Courage consists not in hazarding without fear but being resolutely minded in a just cause.
To create ones world in any of the arts takes courage.
The kind of beauty I want most is the hard-to-get kind that comes from within - strength, courage, dignity.
Genius is talent set on fire by courage.
Weve begun to raise daughters more like sons... but few have the courage to raise our sons more like our daughters.
Despair gives courage to a coward.
Life is the most exciting opportunity we have. But we have one shot. You graduate from college once, and thats it. Youre going out of that nest. And you have to find that courage thats deep, deep, deep in there. Every step of the way.
He that fails in his endeavors after wealth or power will not long retain either honesty or courage.
Either life entails courage, or it ceases to be life.
Courage stands halfway between cowardice and rashness, one of which is a lack, the other an excess of courage.
Everyone has talent. What is rare is the courage to follow the talent to the dark place where it leads.
To persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage in a man.
Political courage is not political suicide.
This soul, or life within us, by no means agrees with the life outside us. If one has the courage to ask her what she thinks, she is always saying the very opposite to what other people say.
Courage and conviction are powerful weapons against an enemy who depends only on fists or guns. Animals know when you are afraid a coward knows when you are not.
Unless a reviewer has the courage to give you unqualified praise, I say ignore the bastard.
The strangest, most generous, and proudest of all virtues is true courage.
Courage, above all things, is the first quality of a warrior.
The amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and moral courage it contained. That so few now dare to be eccentric marks the chief danger of the time.
I beg you take courage the brave soul can mend even disaster.
The more wit the less courage.
I have the responsibility of over four million people, and I am in a position to do good, to be able to bring about a new life for my people, and I will continue to move in that direction. Its a burden, but it needs to be done, and you have to have the courage and wisdom to see it through.
Then there is a still higher type of courage - the courage to brave pain, to live with it, to never let others know of it and to still find joy in life to wake up in the morning with an enthusiasm for the day ahead.
One man scorned and covered with scars still strove with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable stars and the world will be better for this.
Take chances, make mistakes. Thats how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
I think my mother... made it clear that you have to live life by your own terms and you have to not worry about what other people think and you have to have the courage to do the unexpected.
Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of Gods approval.
Leaders come in many forms, with many styles and diverse qualities. There are quiet leaders and leaders one can hear in the next county. Some find strength in eloquence, some in judgment, some in courage.
Determination, energy, and courage appear spontaneously when we care deeply about something. We take risks that are unimaginable in any other context.
Great tragedy has come to us, and we are meeting it with the best that is in our country, with courage and concern for others because this is America. This is who we are.
Way down deep, were all motivated by the same urges. Cats have the courage to live by them.
Suffering! We owe to it all that is good in us, all that gives value to life we owe to it pity, we owe to it courage, we owe to it all the virtues.
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage coaches ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded.
Today we affirm a new commitment to live out our nations promise through civility, courage, compassion and character.
Courage consists not in blindly overlooking danger, but in seeing it, and conquering it.
Creativity takes courage.
Courage enlarges, cowardice diminishes resources. In desperate straits the fears of the timid aggravate the dangers that imperil the brave.
If we survive danger it steels our courage more than anything else.
There are pretenders to piety as well as to courage.
Religion in its humility restores man to his only dignity, the courage to live by grace.
Courage that grows from constitution often forsakes a man when he has occasion for it courage which arises from a sense of duty acts in a uniform manner.
If we are to survive, we must have ideas, vision, and courage. These things are rarely produced by committees. Everything that matters in our intellectual and moral life begins with an individual confronting his own mind and conscience in a room by himself.
When God speaks, oftentimes His voice will call for an act of courage on our part.
Peace comes when you talk to the guy you most hate. And thats where the courage of a leader comes, because when you sit down with your enemy, you as a leader must already have very considerable confidence from your own constituency.
We are very much what others think of us. The reception our observations meet with gives us courage to proceed, or damps our efforts.
It takes someone with a vision of the possibilities to attain new levels of experience. Someone with the courage to live his dreams.
Rather like Batman, I embody the themes of the movie which are the values of family, courage and compassion and a sense of right and wrong, good and bad and justice.
The principal act of courage is to endure and withstand dangers doggedly rather than to attack them.
Have the courage to act instead of react.
People think I have courage. The courage in my family are my wife Pam, my three daughters, here, Nicole, Jamie, LeeAnn, my mom, whos right here too.
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.
Im a big fan of small business ownership. I think its the backbone of American innovation. But to be successful, you first have to have the courage to go for it.
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
Let a new earth rise. Let another world be born. Let a bloody peace be written in the sky. Let a second generation full of courage issue forth let a people loving freedom come to growth.
In strife who inquires whether stratagem or courage was used?
Often the difference between a successful man and a failure is not ones better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on his ideas, to take a calculated risk, and to act.
In fact, my courage and my bravery at a young age was the thing I was bullied for, a kind of Who do you think you are?
There is in true beauty, as in courage, something which narrow souls cannot dare to admire.
Physical courage, which despises all danger, will make a man brave in one way and moral courage, which despises all opinion, will make a man brave in another.
You have to have courage to be obedient to God.
Im sick of not having the courage to be an absolute nobody.
Courage conquers all things: it even gives strength to the body.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
The sea - this truth must be confessed - has no generosity. No display of manly qualities - courage, hardihood, endurance, faithfulness - has ever been known to touch its irresponsible consciousness of power.
Courage, my friends tis not too late to build a better world.
Courage is doing what you are afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you are scared.
Courage is what preserves our liberty, safety, life, and our homes and parents, our country and children. Courage comprises all things.
Courage is often lack of insight, whereas cowardice in many cases is based on good information.
The courage of the poet is to keep ajar the door that leads into madness.
Courage is simply the willingness to be afraid and act anyway.
Whether you be man or woman you will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
He who loses wealth loses much he who loses a friend loses more but he that loses his courage loses all.
True courage is not the brutal force of vulgar heroes, but the firm resolve of virtue and reason.
At the bottom of not a little of the bravery that appears in the world, there lurks a miserable cowardice. Men will face powder and steel because they have not the courage to face public opinion.
Physical bravery is an animal instinct moral bravery is much higher and truer courage.
While President Bush likes to project an image of strength and courage, the real truth is that in the presence of his large financial contributors, he is a moral coward.
Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.
Audacity augments courage hesitation, fear.
For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men.
The courage of very ordinary people is all that stands between us and the dark.
To live we must conquer incessantly, we must have the courage to be happy.
I have the courage of my convictions.
In all realms of life it takes courage to stretch your limits, express your power, and fulfill your potential... its no different in the financial realm.
A wise woman knows how to summon her courage and do what is right, rather than what is easy.
It takes vision and courage to create - it takes faith and courage to prove.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
The courage to be is rooted in the God who appears when God has disappeared in the anxiety of doubt.
Soldiers, when committed to a task, cant compromise. Its unrelenting devotion to the standards of duty and courage, absolute loyalty to others, not letting the task go until its been done.
America needs jobs, smaller government, less spending and a president with the courage to offer more than yet another speech.
If we bring not the good courage of minds covetous of truth, and truth only, prepared to hear all things, and decide upon all things, according to evidence, we should do more wisely to sit down contented in ignorance, than to bestir ourselves only to reap disappointment.
I think theres a difference between ditzy and dumb. Dumb is just not knowing. Ditzy is having the courage to ask!
Values are principles and ideas that bring meaning to the seemingly mundane experience of life. A meaningful life that ultimately brings happiness and pride requires you to respond to temptations as well as challenges with honor, dignity, and courage.
The test of courage comes when we are in the minority. The test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority.
So the brother in black offers to these United States the source of courage that endures, and laughter.
It requires greater courage to preserve inner freedom, to move on in ones inward journey into new realms, than to stand defiantly for outer freedom. It is often easier to play the martyr, as it is to be rash in battle.
The best thing to do is stare it in the face and move on. We have to face our fears and plow through. I think taking chances takes a lot more courage than staying stagnant and doing whats safe and comfortable.
Theres only one requirement of any of us, and that is to be courageous. Because courage, as you might know, defines all other human behavior. And, I believe - because Ive done a little of this myself - pretending to be courageous is just as good as the real thing.
Those who won our independence... valued liberty as an end and as a means. They believed liberty to be the secret of happiness and courage to be the secret of liberty.
And I think most people in this country want to see a president thats got the courage to say were going to cut the tax burden, and reduce the regulatory climate, and were going to get Americans working.
I have no physical courage, Ive asked for a double.
What has made America amazing has been the fact that throughout our history, throughout the more than 200 years of our history, there have been men and women of courage who stood up and decided it was more important to look out for the future of their children and their grandchildren than their own political futures.
Often the difference between a successful person and a failure is not one has better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on ones ideas, to take a calculated risk - and to act.
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.
Courage is the capacity to confront what can be imagined.
Patience, that blending of moral courage with physical timidity.
War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it.
The last thing a woman will consent to discover in a man whom she loves, or on whom she simply depends, is want of courage.
Because with courage and conviction I believe we can deliver a more flexible, adaptable and open European Union in which the interests and ambitions of all its members can be met.
Courage in danger is half the battle.
Courage easily finds its own eloquence.
Good courage in a bad affair is half of the evil overcome.
The courage of a soldier is found to be the cheapest and most common quality of human nature.
Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
My mother taught me that we all have the power to achieve our dreams. What I lacked was the courage.
Every man of courage is a man of his word.
A man of courage never needs weapons, but he may need bail.
As for courage and will - we cannot measure how much of each lies within us, we can only trust there will be sufficient to carry through trials which may lie ahead.
But courage which goes against military expediency is stupidity, or, if it is insisted upon by a commander, irresponsibility.
Cowardice and courage are never without a measure of affectation. Nor is love. Feelings are never true. They play with their mirrors.
Let us go forth with fear and courage and rage to save the world.
Washingtons answer to a self-inflicted financial crisis reminded Americans why they so deeply distrust the political class. The fiscal cliff process was secretive and sloppy, and the nations so-called leadership lacked the political courage to address our root problems: joblessness and debt.
When you make that crossover from life to real life, when youre not treated as a child anymore but as a man, and you are no longer given the benefit of the doubt, it takes some courage to face that.
Fashion should not be expected to serve in the stead of courage or character.
Were going to be OK because of the American people. They have more grit, determination and courage than you can imagine.
At the same time, I would add that the American people have a lot of courage.
It takes a lot of courage to face up to things you cant do because we feed ourselves so much denial.
Never undertake anything for which you wouldnt have the courage to ask the blessings of heaven.
Honest conviction is my courage the Constitution is my guide.
The courage to imagine the otherwise is our greatest resource, adding color and suspense to all our life.
Discouragement is not the absence of adequacy but the absence of courage.
Conscience is the root of all true courage if a man would be brave let him obey his conscience.
I always disliked dogs, those protectors of cowards who lack the courage to fight an assailant themselves.
You cannot build character and courage by destroying mens initiative and independence.
We are biological creatures. We are born, we live, we die. There is no transcendent purpose to existence. At best we are creatures of reason, and by using reason we can cure ourselves of emotional excess. Purged of both hope and fear, we find courage in the face of helplessness, insignificance and uncertainty.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows youre scared to death.
We learned to be patient observers like the owl. We learned cleverness from the crow, and courage from the jay, who will attack an owl ten times its size to drive it off its territory. But above all of them ranked the chickadee because of its indomitable spirit.
If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.
There are no greater treasures than the highest human qualities such as compassion, courage and hope. Not even tragic accident or disaster can destroy such treasures of the heart.
Nothing gives us courage more readily than the desire to avoid looking like a damn fool.
Lying at the root of the social agreements of 1980 are the courage, sense of responsibility, and the solidarity of the working people. Both sides have then recognized that an accord must be reached if bloodshed is to be prevented.
A member must say that he is a member of the Unification Church and that he is the follower of Sun Myung Moon. If he doesnt have the courage to say it, he is not worthy of me.
What is more mortifying than to feel that you have missed the plum for want of courage to shake the tree?
Its not just Bin Laden or just those that are involved in the counterterrorism effort. Weve gotta cast the net broader than that. But I think its a - very special tribute that we all owe to the bravery and courage of the men and women in the intelligence and military business who performed so well to finally get it done.
Courage is always rewarded.
The enchanting charms of this sublime science reveal only to those who have the courage to go deeply into it.
With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.
What Ive always said is that Im opposed to institutional racism, and I wouldve, had Ive been alive at the time, I think, had the courage to march with Martin Luther King to overturn institutional racism, and I see no place in our society for institutional racism.
I have reached the conclusion that those who have physical courage also have moral courage. Physical courage is a great test.
Wait for the Lord. Behave yourself manfully, and be of good courage. Do not be faithless, but stay in your place and do not turn back.
It takes a good deal of physical courage to ride a horse. This, however, I have. I get it at about forty cents a flask, and take it as required.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
Hes nice enough not to want to be associated with a nasty remark but not nice enough not to make it. Lacking the courage of ones nastiness does not make one nice.
It is easy enough to praise men for the courage of their convictions. I wish I could teach the sad young of this mealy generation the courage of their confusions.
Unjust. How many times Ive used that word, scolded myself with it. All I mean by it now is that I dont have the final courage to say that I refuse to preside over violations against myself, and to hell with justice.
You have to do what you need to do as an artist. You have to have that courage.
I dont understand why people say that I am full of courage. I feel terribly nervous.
A statesman wants courage and a statesman wants vision but believe me, after six months experience, he wants first, second, third and all the time - patience.
Prime Minister Sharon, Prime Minister Abbas, I urge you today to end the designs of those who seek destruction, annihilation and occupation, and I urge you to have the will and the courage to begin to realize our dreams of peace, prosperity and coexistence.
Womens courage is rather different from mens. The fact that women have to bring up children and look after husbands makes them braver at facing long-term issues, such as illness. Men are more immediately courageous. Lots of people are brave in battle.
The most important thing for me was to never, ever, ever deny it. But I didnt really have the courage to talk about it. I was thinking, The people who need to know Im gay know.
I want to find the candidates who understand the principles of American exceptionalism and have the character, the courage, and the confidence to actually lead the greatest nation in the world.
People talk about the courage of condemned men walking to the place of execution: sometimes it needs as much courage to walk with any kind of bearing towards another persons habitual misery.
I went through a long period where I was afraid of doing things I wanted to do, and you get your courage back, which is whats important.
Overcoming the Cold War required courage from the people of Central and Eastern Europe and what was then the German Democratic Republic, but it also required the steadfastness of Western partner over many decades when many had long lost hope of integration of the two Germanys and Europe.
Deep Throats information, and in my view, courage, allowed the newspaper to use what he knew and suspected.
On sensitive issues, talk isnt cheap - it takes real courage to pry open topics nailed shut.
When you really believe in God, it gives you a courage, a confidence that enables you to meet the things coming.
Today, because of President Obamas courage, kids can stay on their parents plan until they are 26. Insurers cannot kick you off your policy because you have hit your limit. They will not be able to deny you because you have a pre-existing condition.
Men create real miracles when they use their God-given courage and intelligence.
I want to thank the Academy for its courage and generosity.
I have a lot of courage. Im a realist.
In times of conflict, war, poverty or religious fundamentalism, women and children are the first and most numerous victims. Women need all their courage today.
A military coup needs a sacrifice and courage that you cant find in an army without morale.
Courage is poorly housed that dwells in numbers the lion never counts the herd that are about him, nor weighs how many flocks he has to scatter.
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress.
Killing yourself is a major commitment, it takes a kind of courage. Most people just lead lives of cowardly desperation. Its kinda half suicide where you just dull yourself with substances.
