Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
How incessant and great are the ills with which a prolonged old age is replete.
Old age, believe me, is a good and pleasant thing. It is true you are gently shouldered off the stage, but then you are given such a comfortable front stall as spectator.
Old age has deformities enough of its own. It should never add to them the deformity of vice.
Nobody grows old merely by living a number of years. We grow old by deserting our ideals. Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.
All diseases run into one, old age.
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.
Like everyone else who makes the mistake of getting older, I begin each day with coffee and obituaries.
Age appears to be best in four things old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.
Every man over forty is a scoundrel.
Forty is the old age of youth fifty the youth of old age.
You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face.
Youth is when you're allowed to stay up late on New Year's Eve. Middle age is when you're forced to.
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.
A comfortable old age is the reward of a well-spent youth. Instead of its bringing sad and melancholy prospects of decay, it would give us hopes of eternal youth in a better world.
A man growing old becomes a child again.
Age considers youth ventures.
Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
Old age is no place for sissies.
I don't feel old. I don't feel anything till noon. That's when it's time for my nap.
As I approve of a youth that has something of the old man in him, so I am no less pleased with an old man that has something of the youth. He that follows this rule may be old in body, but can never be so in mind.
I don't believe one grows older. I think that what happens early on in life is that at a certain age one stands still and stagnates.
Advice in old age is foolish for what can be more absurd than to increase our provisions for the road the nearer we approach to our journey's end.
When grace is joined with wrinkles, it is adorable. There is an unspeakable dawn in happy old age.
It takes a long time to become young.
After thirty, a body has a mind of its own.
There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.
Age is not a particularly interesting subject. Anyone can get old. All you have to do is live long enough.
Old minds are like old horses you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order.
Forty is the old age of youth, fifty is the youth of old age.
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone but, years after, we know it was much later.
Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy person has no time to form.
As long as any adult thinks that he, like the parents and teachers of old, can become introspective, invoking his own youth to understand the youth before him, he is lost.
Old age is fifteen years older than I am.
Aging is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength.
The great secret that all old people share is that you really haven't changed in seventy or eighty years. Your body changes, but you don't change at all. And that, of course, causes great confusion.
The trick is growing up without growing old.
Old age comes on suddenly, and not gradually as is thought.
I think your whole life shows in your face and you should be proud of that.
I'm happy to report that my inner child is still ageless.
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen.
One of the many things nobody ever tells you about middle age is that it's such a nice change from being young.
After you're older, two things are possibly more important than any others: health and money.
You end up as you deserve. In old age you must put up with the face, the friends, the health, and the children you have earned.
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
Inflation is when you pay fifteen dollars for the ten-dollar haircut you used to get for five dollars when you had hair.
As you age naturally, your family shows more and more on your face. If you deny that, you deny your heritage.
Old age is like a plane flying through a storm. Once you're aboard, there's nothing you can do.
In youth the days are short and the years are long. In old age the years are short and day's long.
The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball.
Age is how we determine how valuable you are.
Middle age is when your age starts to show around your middle.
Aging seems to be the only available way to live a long life.
I think when the full horror of being fifty hits you, you should stay home and have a good cry.
To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent that is to triumph over old age.
If you're old, don't try to change yourself, change your environment.
Old age is an excellent time for outrage. My goal is to say or do at least one outrageous thing every week.
I want to get old gracefully. I want to have good posture, I want to be healthy and be an example to my children.
You know you're getting old when all the names in your black book have M. D. after them.
What makes old age so sad is not that our joys but our hopes cease.
Old age is a shipwreck.
While one finds company in himself and his pursuits, he cannot feel old, no matter what his years may be.
To resist the frigidity of old age, one must combine the body, the mind, and the heart. And to keep these in parallel vigor one must exercise, study, and love.
Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that can happen to a man.
No one can avoid aging, but aging productively is something else.
If you haven't turned rebel by twenty you've got no heart if you haven't turned establishment by thirty you've got no brains!
Oh rage! Oh despair! Oh age, my enemy!
I don't want to fight aging I want to take good care of myself, but plastic surgery and all that? I'm not interested.
Middle age is the time when a man is always thinking that in a week or two he will feel as good as ever.
We should so provide for old age that it may have no urgent wants of this world to absorb it from meditation on the next. It is awful to see the lean hands of dotage making a coffer of the grave.
Middle age is the awkward period when Father Time starts catching up with Mother Nature.
Middle age is youth without levity, and age without decay.
No man is ever old enough to know better.
The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older people, and greatly assists the circulation of the blood.
In youth we run into difficulties. In old age difficulties run into us.
We pay when old for the excesses of youth.
The answer to old age is to keep one's mind busy and to go on with one's life as if it were interminable. I always admired Chekhov for building a new house when he was dying of tuberculosis.
We've put more effort into helping folks reach old age than into helping them enjoy it.
The real sadness of fifty is not that you change so much but that you change so little.
I'm not afraid of aging.
He has a profound respect for old age. Especially when it's bottled.
Whatever poet, orator or sage may say of it, old age is still old age.
To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent - that is to triumph over old age.
In old age we are like a batch of letters that someone has sent. We are no longer in the past, we have arrived.
There's no such thing as old age, there is only sorrow.
Those who love deeply never grow old they may die of old age, but they die young.
I get all fired up about aging in America.
The really frightening thing about middle age is the knowledge that you'll grow out of it.
There is an anti-aging possibility, but it has to come from within.
The lovely thing about being forty is that you can appreciate twenty-five-year-old men more.
When a noble life has prepared old age, it is not decline that it reveals, but the first days of immortality.
The whole business of marshaling one's energies becomes more and more important as one grows older.
The tendency of old age to the body, say the physiologists, is to form bone. It is as rare as it is pleasant to meet with an old man whose opinions are not ossified.
Old age adds to the respect due to virtue, but it takes nothing from the contempt inspired by vice it whitens only the hair.
As men get older, the toys get more expensive.
I find that a man is as old as his work. If his work keeps him from moving forward, he will look forward with the work.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Confusion of goals and perfection of means seems, in my opinion, to characterize our age.
Perfection of means and confusion of ends seem to characterize our age.
The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles.
Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen.
A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. I told him, 'At my age, I don't even buy green bananas.'
When marrying, ask yourself this question: Do you believe that you will be able to converse well with this person into your old age? Everything else in marriage is transitory.
Probably the happiest period in life most frequently is in middle age, when the eager passions of youth are cooled, and the infirmities of age not yet begun as we see that the shadows, which are at morning and evening so large, almost entirely disappear at midday.
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.
As human beings, our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world - that is the myth of the atomic age - as in being able to remake ourselves.
A man loves the meat in his youth that he cannot endure in his age.
In every country and every age, the priest had been hostile to Liberty.
The heresy of one age becomes the orthodoxy of the next.
The golden age is before us, not behind us.
Every formula of every religion has in this age of reason, to submit to the acid test of reason and universal assent.
Thomas Jefferson once said, 'We should never judge a president by his age, only by his works.' And ever since he told me that, I stopped worrying.
No woman should ever be quite accurate about her age. It looks so calculating.
At twenty years of age the will reigns at thirty, the wit and at forty, the judgment.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Information is the oxygen of the modern age. It seeps through the walls topped by barbed wire, it wafts across the electrified borders.
Old age is just a record of one's whole life.
We prefer world law in the age of self-determination to world war in the age of mass extermination.
Each age, it is found, must write its own books or rather, each generation for the next succeeding.
Education is the best provision for old age.
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
Sometimes I think it would be easier to avoid old age, to die young, but then you'd never complete your life, would you? You'd never wholly know you.
I don't think of myself as a poor deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, and I had to make good.
The kids are old enough now - I just want to let them be kids. I don't want to comment on them too much. They're at an age where I just want to let them be kids.
He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden.
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?
I've got volumes on how not to behave. I've got more information now than a guy should have at my age.
I'm at the age where food has taken the place of sex in my life. In fact, I've just had a mirror put over my kitchen table.
Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese.
Hesitation increases in relation to risk in equal proportion to age.
Books were my pass to personal freedom. I learned to read at age three, and soon discovered there was a whole world to conquer that went beyond our farm in Mississippi.
In our age there is no such thing as 'keeping out of politics.' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.
I must confess, I was born at a very early age.
The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which mean never losing your enthusiasm.
It is utterly false and cruelly arbitrary to put all the play and learning into childhood, all the work into middle age, and all the regrets into old age.
We aren't in an information age, we are in an entertainment age.
To me - old age is always ten years older than I am.
Age is not important unless you're a cheese.
No matter what age you are, or what your circumstances might be, you are special, and you still have something unique to offer. Your life, because of who you are, has meaning.
A woman has the age she deserves.
The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
Youngsters of the age of two and three are endowed with extraordinary strength. They can lift a dog twice their own weight and dump him into the bathtub.
He who has not the spirit of this age, has all the misery of it.
Instead of being presented with stereotypes by age, sex, color, class, or religion, children must have the opportunity to learn that within each range, some people are loathsome and some are delightful.
I think being able to age gracefully is a very important talent. It is too late for me.
Error is acceptable as long as we are young but one must not drag it along into old age.
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
I don't need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me.
Talk is by far the most accessible of pleasures. It costs nothing in money, it is all profit, it completes our education, founds and fosters our friendships, and can be enjoyed at any age and in almost any state of health.
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.
Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
Age merely shows what children we remain.
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
The credit of advancing science has always been due to individuals and never to the age.
Dressing up is a bore. At a certain age, you decorate yourself to attract the opposite sex, and at a certain age, I did that. But I'm past that age.
I was born at the age of twelve on an MGM lot.
A woman telling her true age is like a buyer confiding his final price to an Armenian rug dealer.
How young can you die of old age?
Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age.
At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.
Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you.
If youth knew if age could.
I think the biggest disease the world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved. I know that I can give love for a minute, for half an hour, for a day, for a month, but I can give. I am very happy to do that, I want to do that.
The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different.
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
I created Punk for this day and age. Do you see Britney walking around wearing ties and singing punk? Hell no. That's what I do. I'm like a Sid Vicious for a new generation.
We are all geniuses up to the age of ten.
It is well for the world that in most of us, by the age of thirty, the character has set like plaster, and will never soften again.
Every age has its own poetry in every age the circumstances of history choose a nation, a race, a class to take up the torch by creating situations that can be expressed or transcended only through poetry.
Old age is not a matter for sorrow. It is matter for thanks if we have left our work done behind us.
I suppose when they reach a certain age some men are afraid to grow up. It seems the older the men get, the younger their new wives get.
Publishing is in a kind of Jurassic age.
Age is just a number. It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine.
Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.
Youth has no age.
Youth is a blunder Manhood a struggle, Old Age a regret.
To teach how to live without certainty and yet without being paralysed by hesitation is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can do for those who study it.
It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age but, if so, it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that guards the door, and this dragon is religion.
Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty.
Old age realizes the dreams of youth: look at Dean Swift in his youth he built an asylum for the insane, in his old age he was himself an inmate.
In youth we learn in age we understand.
Believe me, that was a happy age, before the days of architects, before the days of builders.
I have the problems of, I must confess, old age.
Not just in commerce but in the world of ideas too our age is putting on a veritable clearance sale. Everything can be had so dirt cheap that one begins to wonder whether in the end anyone will want to make a bid.
Bad news isn't wine. It doesn't improve with age.
It were a real increase of human happiness, could all young men from the age of nineteen be covered under barrels, or rendered otherwise invisible and there left to follow their lawful studies and callings, till they emerged, sadder and wiser, at the age of twenty-five.
People who refuse to rest honorably on their laurels when they reach retirement age seem very admirable to me.
Not to expose your true feelings to an adult seems to be instinctive from the age of seven or eight onwards.
The heart never grows better by age I fear rather worse, always harder. A young liar will be an old one, and a young knave will only be a greater knave as he grows older.
For age is opportunity no less Than youth itself, though in another dress, And as the evening twilight fades away The sky is filled with stars, invisible by day.
Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter.
Have regular hours for work and play make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
Admiration of the proletariat, like that of dams, power stations, and aeroplanes, is part of the ideology of the machine age.
But the age of chivalry is gone. That of sophisters, economists, and calculators has succeeded and the glory of Europe is extinguished forever.
Childhood: the period of human life intermediate between the idiocy of infancy and the folly of youth - two removes from the sin of manhood and three from the remorse of age.
Experience is a revelation in the light of which we renounce our errors of youth for those of age.
My view is that at a younger age your optimism is more and you have more imagination etc. You have less bias.
The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class.
In the information age, you don't teach philosophy as they did after feudalism. You perform it. If Aristotle were alive today he'd have a talk show.
Once I planned to write a book of poems entirely about the things in my pocket. But I found it would be too long and the age of the great epics is past.
The harvest of old age is the recollection and abundance of blessing previously secured.
It is the spirit of the age to believe that any fact, no matter how suspect, is superior to any imaginative exercise, no matter how true.
The arrogance of age must submit to be taught by youth.
The biggest disease this day and age is that of people feeling unloved.
Old age: the crown of life, our play's last act.
I think women should start to embrace their age. What's the alternative to getting older? You die. I can't change the day I was born. But I can take care of my skin, my body, my mind, and try to live my life and be happy.
Age is getting to know all the ways the world turns, so that if you cannot turn the world the way you want, you can at least get out of the way so you won't get run over.
Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age.
One crowded hour of glorious life is worth an age without a name.
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses.
Wisdom doesn't necessarily come with age. Sometimes age just shows up all by itself.
It is a blessed thing that in every age some one has had the individuality enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions.
And in my own life, in my own small way, I've tried to give back to this country that has given me so much. That's why I left a job at a law firm for a career in public service, working to empower young people to volunteer in their communities. Because I believe that each of us - no matter what our age or background or walk of life - each of us has something to contribute to the life of this nation.
No lying knight or lying priest ever prospered in any age, but especially not in the dark ones. Men prospered then only in following an openly declared purpose, and preaching candidly beloved and trusted creeds.
A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age he dies of being a man.
It is with an old love as it is with old age a man lives to all the miseries, but is dead to all the pleasures.
We live in an age when to be young and to be indifferent can be no longer synonymous. We must prepare for the coming hour. The claims of the Future are represented by suffering millions and the Youth of a Nation are the trustees of Posterity.
Age shouldn't affect you. It's just like the size of your shoes - they don't determine how you live your life! You're either marvellous or you're boring, regardless of your age.
Rashness belongs to youth prudence to old age.
Many believe - and I believe - that I have been designated for this work by God. In spite of my old age, I do not want to give it up I work out of love for God and I put all my hope in Him.
Old age is a tyrant, who forbids, under pain of death, the pleasures of youth.
The defects of the mind, like those of the face, grow worse with age.
The enemy of society is middle class and the enemy of life is middle age.
Some say that the age of chivalry is past, that the spirit of romance is dead. The age of chivalry is never past, so long as there is a wrong left unredressed on earth.
Man has no Body distinct from his Soul for that called Body is a portion of Soul discerned by the five Senses, the chief inlets of Soul in this age.
This is the patent age of new inventions for killing bodies, and for saving souls. All propagated with the best intentions.
The mind that is wise mourns less for what age takes away than what it leaves behind.
The age of chivalry is past. Bores have succeeded to dragons.
Anything you cannot relinquish when it has outlived its usefulness possesses you, and in this materialistic age a great many of us are possessed by our possessions.
Life, an age to the miserable, and a moment to the happy.
We are always the same age inside.
I am, as I've said, merely competent. But in an age of incompetence, that makes me extraordinary.
Swing voters are more appropriately known as the 'idiot voters' because they have no set of philosophical principles. By the age of fourteen, you're either a Conservative or a Liberal if you have an IQ above a toaster.
If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age.
Old age is far more than white hair, wrinkles, the feeling that it is too late and the game finished, that the stage belongs to the rising generations. The true evil is not the weakening of the body, but the indifference of the soul.
Old age has its pleasures, which, though different, are not less than the pleasures of youth.
Old age is when the liver spots show through your gloves.
There is no absurdity so palpable but that it may be firmly planted in the human head if you only begin to inculcate it before the age of five, by constantly repeating it with an air of great solemnity.
Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization.
Nearly all the powerful people of this age are unbelievers, the best of them in doubt and misery, the most in plodding hesitation, doing as well as they can, what practical work lies at hand.
What is an adult? A child blown up by age.
Intelligent life on a planet comes of age when it first works out the reason for its own existence.
I am of a healthy long lived race, and our minds improve with age.
The wisdom of age: don't stop walking.
As the age of television progresses the Reagans will be the rule, not the exception. To be perfect for television is all a President has to be these days.
Before anything else, we need a new age of Enlightenment. Our present political systems must relinquish their claims on truth, justice and freedom and have to replace them with the search for truth, justice, freedom and reason.
Age is strictly a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
I believe we should encourage children to sing and play instruments from an early age.
You should not consider a man's age but his acts.
At my age flowers scare me.
I would go out with women my age, but there are no women my age.
It is not well to make great changes in old age.
Setting a good example for your children takes all the fun out of middle age.
The stars shall fade away, the sun himself Grow dim with age, and nature sink in years, But thou shalt flourish in immortal youth, Unhurt amidst the wars of elements, The wrecks of matter, and the crush of worlds.
Young men soon give, and soon forget, affronts old age is slow in both.
By all but the pathologically romantic, it is now recognized that this is not the age of the small man.
It is not the young people that degenerate they are not spoiled till those of mature age are already sunk into corruption.
To be happy, we must be true to nature and carry our age along with us.
Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young.
It is the malady of our age that the young are so busy teaching us that they have no time left to learn.
I'm at peace with myself and where I am. In the past, I was always looking to see how everybody else was doing. I wasn't competitive, I was comparative. I just wanted to be where everybody else was. Now I've gotten to an age when I am not comparing anymore.
We of Africa protest that, in this day and age, we should continue to be treated as lesser human beings than other races.
Marriage is not about age it's about finding the right person.
We have entered an age in which education is not just a luxury permitting some men an advantage over others. It has become a necessity without which a person is defenseless in this complex, industrialized society. We have truly entered the century of the educated man.
Old age is the verdict of life.
The passions grafted on wounded pride are the most inveterate they are green and vigorous in old age.
Every age can be enchanting, provided you live within it.
It is unthinkable for a Frenchman to arrive at middle age without having syphilis and the Cross of the Legion of Honor.
It is folly for an eminent man to think of escaping censure, and a weakness to be affected with it. All the illustrious persons of antiquity, and indeed of every age in the world, have passed through this fiery persecution.
There must be a day or two in a man's life when he is the precise age for something important.
It is old age, rather than death, that is to be contrasted with life. Old age is life's parody, whereas death transforms life into a destiny: in a way it preserves it by giving it the absolute dimension. Death does away with time.
I don't care about age very much.
Old age and the passage of time teach all things.
I think age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
Children rarely want to know who their parents were before they were parents, and when age finally stirs their curiosity, there is no parent left to tell them.
Middle age occurs when you are too young to take up golf and too old to rush up to the net.
Old age: I fall asleep during the funerals of my friends.
Staid middle age loves the hurricane passions of opera.
Middle age went by while I was mourning for my lost youth.
In passing, we should note this curious mark of our own age: the only absolute allowed is the absolute insistence that there is no absolute.
It's not catastrophes, murders, deaths, diseases, that age and kill us it's the way people look and laugh, and run up the steps of omnibuses.
Not even old age knows how to love death.
It's really amazing that in the age of unbelief, as a smart man called it, there isn't even more fraud. After all, with no God, there's no one to ever call you to account, and no accounting at all if you can get away with it.
I think that a man should not live beyond the age when he begins to deteriorate, when the flame that lighted the brightest moment of his life has weakened.
Temper never mellows with age, and a sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use.
It is not by the gray of the hair that one knows the age of the heart.
Another belief of mine that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise.
Age carries all things away, even the mind.
Age steals away all things, even the mind.
In fact, my courage and my bravery at a young age was the thing I was bullied for, a kind of 'Who do you think you are?'
A bad manner spoils everything, even reason and justice a good one supplies everything, gilds a No, sweetens a truth, and adds a touch of beauty to old age itself.
As technology advances, it reverses the characteristics of every situation again and again. The age of automation is going to be the age of 'do it yourself.'
The excess of our youth are checks written against our age and they are payable with interest thirty years later.
At the age when Bengali youth almost inevitably writes poetry, I was listening to European classical music.
I smoke ten to fifteen cigars a day. At my age I have to hold on to something.
I'm at the age now where just putting my cigar in its holder is a thrill.
Age becomes reality when you hear someone refer to that attractive young woman standing next to the woman in the green dress, and you find that you're the one in the green dress.
Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?
The nearer people approach old age the closer they return to a semblance of childhood, until the time comes for them to depart this life, again like children, neither tired of living nor aware of death.
The one thing that unites all human beings, regardless of age, gender, religion or ethnic background, is that we all believe we are above-average drivers.
Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? It's great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out, but I'm not complaining,... Those who find growing old terrible are people who haven't done what they wanted with their lives.
As winter strips the leaves from around us, so that we may see the distant regions they formerly concealed, so old age takes away our enjoyments only to enlarge the prospect of the coming eternity.
God employs several translators some pieces are translated by age, some by sickness, some by war, some by justice.
No man was ever so completely skilled in the conduct of life, as not to receive new information from age and experience.
Interest is the spur of the people, but glory that of great souls. Invention is the talent of youth, and judgment of age.
Invention is the talent of youth, as judgment is of age.
I'm very pleased to be here. Let's face it, at my age I'm very pleased to be anywhere.
I must be more sensible and realize that at my age, illusions are hardly permitted and they will always destroy me.
My age and health will never allow me to realize the dream of art I've been pursuing all my life.
My husband gave me a necklace. It's fake. I requested fake. Maybe I'm paranoid, but in this day and age, I don't want something around my neck that's worth more than my head.
From as long as, literally as far back as I can remember I've liked puns, word jokes, I can literally recall looking at a comic at the age of six or seven and I remember what I enjoyed and what it was precisely and how the joke worked.
The terror of the atom age is not the violence of the new power but the speed of man's adjustment to it, the speed of his acceptance.
I was born in ancient times, at the end of the world, in a patriarchal Catholic and conservative family. No wonder that by age five I was a raging feminist - although the term had not reached Chile yet, so nobody knew what the heck was wrong with me.
The information encoded in your DNA determines your unique biological characteristics, such as sex, eye color, age and Social Security number.
O love, if I regret the age when one savors you, it is not for the hour of pleasure, but for the one that follows it.
In the television age, the key distinction is between the candidate who can speak poetry and the one who can only speak prose.
Age does not matter if the matter does not age.
I'm well past the age where I'm acceptable. You get to a certain age and you are forbidden access. You're not going to get the kind of coverage that you would like in music magazines, you're not going to get played on radio and you're not going to get played on television. I have to survive on word of mouth.
Ours is essentially a tragic age, so we refuse to take it tragically.
Ours is an excessively conscious age. We know so much, we feel so little.
Everybody past a certain age, regardless of how they look on the outside, pretty much constantly dreams of being able to escape from their lives.
One keeps forgetting old age up to the very brink of the grave.
In the age of the individual's liquidation, the question of individuality must be raised anew.
I ask you to pray for me, for once age has overtaken us, we find consolation only in religion.
Today more than ever we need creative minds to address the issues of the age. And one of the most urgent is this: How can humanity know so much, achieve so much, and still fail so many people so badly?
Women lie about their age men lie about their income.
A major advantage of age is learning to accept people without passing judgment.
The people who live in a golden age usually go around complaining how yellow everything looks.
There was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I am old, there is no respect for age, I missed it coming and going.
Everyone knows that by far the happiest and universally enjoyable age of man is the first. What is there about babies which makes us hug and kiss and fondle them, so that even an enemy would give them help at that age?
Save your money. You're going to need twice as much money in your old age as you think.
If you read back in the Bible, the letter of the apostle Paul to the church of Thessalonia, he said that in the latter days before the end of the age that the Earth would be caught up in what he called the birth pangs of a new order.
There is no self-knowledge but an historical one. No one knows what he himself is who does not know his fellow men, especially the most prominent one of the community, the master's master, the genius of the age.
Middle age is when your old classmates are so grey and wrinkled and bald they don't recognize you.
In this electronic age we see ourselves being translated more and more into the form of information, moving toward the technological extension of consciousness.
You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come in contact with a new idea.
The sanitary and mechanical age we are now entering makes up for the mercy it grants to our sense of smell by the ferocity with which it assails our sense of hearing.
Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.
There are people whose watch stops at a certain hour and who remain permanently at that age.
My justification is that most people my age spend a lot of time thinking about what they're going to do for the next five or ten years. The time they spend thinking about their life, I just spend drinking.
They that have lived a single day have lived an age.
From the age of fifteen, dogma has been the fundamental principle of my religion: I know no other religion I cannot enter into the idea of any other sort of religion religion, as a mere sentiment, is to me a dream and a mockery.
The class distinctions proper to a democratic society are not those of rank or money, still less, as is apt to happen when these are abandoned, of race, but of age.
Old age, calm, expanded, broad with the haughty breadth of the universe, old age flowing free with the delicious near-by freedom of death.
We are living in the machine age. For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine. Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion.
At a certain age it just became apparent to me that this was probably the work that I would have to do.
Genius is present in every age, but the men carrying it within them remain benumbed unless extraordinary events occur to heat up and melt the mass so that it flows forth.
Every age needs men who will redeem the time by living with a vision of the things that are to be.
I would like to see more airplay for all artists, no matter what age. I think there's a lot of money being spent toward the young guys, but a lot of the older guys are the ones who blazed the trail for those young guys.
In my old age, I'll be in L.A.
I shall not grow conservative with age.
I first learned that there were black people living in some place called other than the United States in the western hemisphere when I was a very little boy, and my father told me that when he was a boy about my age, he wanted to be an Episcopal priest, because he so admired his priest, a black man from someplace called Haiti.
I saw how many people were poor and how many kids my age went to school hungry in the morning, which I don't think most of my contemporaries in racially segregated schools in the South thought very much about at the time.
When you get to my age life seems little more than one long march to and from the lavatory.
Non-disclosure in the Internet Age is quickly perceived as a breach of trust. Government, corporations and each of us as individuals must recalibrate how we live and share our lives appropriate to the information now available and the expectations of others.
Where children are, there is the golden age.
To be free in an age like ours, one must be in a position of authority. That in itself would be enough to make me ambitious.
People are so busy dreaming the American Dream, fantasizing about what they could be or have a right to be, that they're all asleep at the switch. Consequently we are living in the Age of Human Error.
I was getting hot flashes and sweats on a regular basis. That's not normal, even for my age.
I remember at the age of five travelling on a trolley car with my mother past a group of women on a picket line at a textile plant, seeing them being viciously beaten by security people. So that kind of thing stayed with me.
Age is not all decay it is the ripening, the swelling, of the fresh life within, that withers and bursts the husk.
I knew at a young age, whether I was playing baseball or hockey or lacrosse, that my teammates were counting on me, whether it be to strike the last batter out in a baseball game or score a big goal in a hockey game.
The funniest racism is the racism between minorities. It's something you don't see dramatized, but almost every minority I know who's my age, they have these funny stories about their parents stereotyping other minorities.
I'm asked all the time in interviews about who I am, and I know a few people my age who have a strong sense of self, but I couldn't say I know myself and sum it up and give it to you in a little package. I don't know myself at all yet.
Alexander at the head of the world never tasted the true pleasure that boys of his own age have enjoyed at the head of a school.
To separate children from others of similar age and qualifications solely because of their race generates a feeling of inferiority as to their status in the community that may affect their hearts and minds in a way unlikely ever to be undone.
In an age of incompetence, I've been able to last in this crazy business. I actually know how to play my ax and write a song. That's my job.
In this age of media and Internet access, we are much more talkative than ever before.
Over the years Woodstock got glorified and romanticised and became the event that symbolised Utopia. It's the last page of our collective memory of the age of innocence. Then things turned ugly and would never be the same again.
I hate to mention age, but I come from an era when we weren't consumed by technology and television.
We are approaching a new age of synthesis. Knowledge cannot be merely a degree or a skill... it demands a broader vision, capabilities in critical thinking and logical deduction without which we cannot have constructive progress.
Morality comes with the sad wisdom of age, when the sense of curiosity has withered.
Every age yearns for a more beautiful world. The deeper the desperation and the depression about the confusing present, the more intense that yearning.
Does age matter? Time doesn't matter.
I figured out it was a social thing, what women were allowed to do. At a very young age, I decided I was not going to follow women's rules.
We were really grown up for our age and it was an incredible special band.
Age is the first limitation on roles that I've ever had to encounter, and I hit that awhile ago.
I can't hit on women in public any more. I didn't decide this it just doesn't feel right at my age.
This is the first age that's ever paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
I feel we live in the kind of culture now where you have to be very smart to navigate the right way, and I just don't have those smarts. I think with age and time it will change, but I can't obsess about it.
The secret of long life is double careers. One to about age sixty, then another for the next thirty years.
I knew at an early age I wanted to act. Acting was always easy for me. I don't believe in predestination, but I do believe that once you get where ever it is you are going, that is where you were going to be.
The age in which we live, this non-stop distraction, is making it more impossible for the young generation to ever have the curiosity or discipline... because you need to be alone to find out anything.
We all know now that people can look good for their age. It isn't so extraordinary, I don't know why people go on about it so much.
A lot of music you might listen to is pretty vapid, it doesn't always deal with our deeper issues. These are the things I'm interested in now, particularly at my age.
Life expectancy in many parts of Africa can be something around the age of thirty five to thirty eight. I mean you're very fortunate if you live to that age. In fact when I went to Uganda for the first time one of the things that occurred to me was that I saw very few elderly people.
Light and funny has a more compelling quality when you're younger. But I haven't abandoned the genre: I love falling down I love Lucille Ball. It's just that a lot of those stories revolve around problems that I can't convincingly portray at this age.
I had the good fortune to be able to right an injustice that I thought was being heaped on young people by lowering the voting age, where you had young people that were old enough to die in Vietnam but not old enough to vote for their members of Congress that sent them there.
The value of old age depends upon the person who reaches it. To some men of early performance it is useless. To others, who are late to develop, it just enables them to finish the job.
I've gotten crankier in my old age.
I've been very competitive by nature from a young age, whether it was eating a bowl of pasta faster than somebody else, or always wanting to be the first one in line.
Death comes not to the living soul, nor age to the loving heart.
High expectations weren't nurtured in my neck of nowhere back then - children weren't fawned over from an early age as 'gifted' and groomed for a prizewinning future self-esteem was considered something you had to pick from the garden yourself.
Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired.
Whoever marries the spirit of this age will find himself a widower in the next.
Of middle age the best that can be said is that a middle-aged person has likely learned how to have a little fun in spite of his troubles.
Old age is always wakeful as if, the longer linked with life, the less man has to do with aught that looks like death.
I avoid talking before the youth of the age as I would dancing before them: for if one's tongue don't move in the steps of the day, and thinks to please by its old graces, it is only an object of ridicule.
I was taught from a young age that many people would treat me as a second-class citizen because I was African-American and because I was female.
Even from a very early age, I knew I didn't want to miss out on anything life had to offer just because it might be considered dangerous.
We live in an age where anonymity is growing in magnitude like a bomb going off.
The Word of fire burns today On the lips of our prophets in an evil age.
Craziest thing I've done for love is getting married. I think it's crazy. I think it's crazy, crazy, crazy. I'm never going to say I wouldn't do it again but I have to make sure it's love and not settling for the 'I have to do this by a certain age,' which is kind of what I did.
You never choose the way that you're raised, it's just the way that you were raised, but you do get to a certain age where you're in a position to question the expectations of you and the way that you've been formed by your surroundings.
We tried not to age, but time had its rage.
I want to age with some dignity.
Young man, the secret of my success is that an early age I discovered that I was not God.
I'd like to talk about free markets. Information in the computer age is the last genuine free market left on earth except those free markets where indigenous people are still surviving. And that's basically becoming limited.
There are only two things a child will share willingly communicable diseases and its mother's age.
Although it is generally known, I think it's about time to announce that I was born at a very early age.
What goes on in Europe concerns us greatly because, if Europe comes apart, the E.U. comes apart, then you're going to have enormous impact on America, that's a very big trading partner of ours, and people own securities around the world in this day and age.
Your body actually reminds you about your age and your injuries - the body has a stronger memory than your mind.
People dance at any age.
I never had little brothers, so I was totally not used to hearing a lot of cussing at a young age! I learned what 'pull my finger' meant the hard way.
I basically get stereotyped a lot in terms of being a girl and writing 'chick' music for teenage girls or something. I think, if anything, the press kind of, because of my gender and my age, tends to kind of relegate my work to this sort of special-interest group. It's part of the cultural dynamic, I guess.
What is amazing for a woman of my age is that I change as the world is changing-and changing very, very fast. I don't think my mother had that opportunity to change.
I've never worried about age.
To me age is a number, just a number. Who cares?
If you're extremely, painfully frightened of age, it shows.
For a man who has compared himself to Theodore Roosevelt and the nation's challenges to those of the Gilded Age, Obama put forward a tepid agenda.
I wrote a screenplay for a 'Sweet Valley High' adaptation, and it's really amazing to me how many women who are my age have responded to the idea and are excited about the movie.
Let age, not envy, draw wrinkles on thy cheeks.
Here's my Golden Rule for a tarnished age: Be fair with others, but keep after them until they're fair with you.
Children under five are the poorest age group in America, and one in four infants, toddlers and preschoolers are poor during the years of greatest brain development.
Everyone talks about age, but it's not about age. It's about work ethic. Winning never gets old.
Age is a terrible avenger. The lessons of life give you so much to work with, but by the time you've got all this great wisdom, you don't get to be young anymore.
Science cannot tell theology how to construct a doctrine of creation, but you can't construct a doctrine of creation without taking account of the age of the universe and the evolutionary character of cosmic history.
I came of age believing that, no matter what happened, I would always be able to support myself.
It is not classified as a pagan religion. The so-called New Age activities and this are not called religions and therefore don't come under the prohibition of mingling church and state that we have in this country.
No sex, age, or condition is above or below the absolute necessity of modesty but without it one vastly beneath the rank of man.
People tend to become more emotionally intelligent as they age and mature.
With age, you get to a place where you don't want to knock people out. You just want to give people a hug.
Age is no barrier. It's a limitation you put on your mind.
Whoever, fleeing marriage and the sorrows that women cause, does not wish to wed comes to a deadly old age.
Age has been the perfect fire extinguisher for flaming youth.
I prefer younger men. In some ways, they are much more open to a woman being stronger and independent then some of the men my age.
It is my art. I am better at it than I ever was. And I will do it as long as I can. When you reach a certain age you can slough off what is unnecessary and concentrate on what is. And why not?
I feel like a lot of the female relationships I see on TV or in movies are in some way free of the kind of jealousy and anxiety and posturing that has been such a huge part of my female friendships, which I hope lessens a little bit with age.
At my age, no one is married, no one has kids, no one has a career.
One of the many pleasures of old age is giving things up.
There's also some element of coming of age during the Reagan administration, which everybody has painted as some glorious time in America, but I remember as being a very, very dark time. There was apocalypse in the air the punk rock movement made sense.
If you explode onto the scene at a very young age, there are so many people pulling you in different directions. It takes time to recalibrate and see what's important.
Situational unawareness in the private marketplace or on the battlefield will cost you your livelihood or your life. In the Age of Obama, however, such willful ignorance is a job prerequisite. The less you know the better.
We virtually never feel our age, but thinking that we should can lead to disaster.
We grew up in a very creative environment and were exposed to the arts at a very young age, so it's not a surprise that all of us are in some form of the arts.
I want to be part of the resurgence of things that are tangible, beautiful and soulful, rather than just give in to the digital age. But when I talk to people about this they just say, 'Yeah, I know what you mean,' and stare at their mobiles.
I wanted to do two things when I was growing up, about your age. I wanted to play in the NBA, and I wanted to be a businessman after my basketball career was over, and that is what I am doing now.
There's a vintage which comes with age and experience.
It's not the normal way to look at things but I experienced death at a really young age and because of that it's been part of my mental landscape that death is really very possible.
Every age develops its own peculiar forms of pathology, which express in exaggerated form its underlying character structure.
I love my kids, and the moments I have with them, and it's kind of weird, it's such an age old cliche, but the way that my sons, the way they make me feel when I look at them, the way they say things, no one else would probably react to them, but it's a special thing for me.
There's a very small group of elite actresses who are my age, who people want to work with. It's not easy to get a good job with good actors.
It lies in human nature that where you experience your first laughs, you also remember the age kindly.
We tried not to age, but time had its rage.
Michelle Pfeiffer hasn't been finding a lot of work recently because she doesn't like what a woman her age is offered. That's a real double standard. You get Sean Connery, who gets older and older, still playing opposite young ladies, but it doesn't work the other way around.
Old age and treachery will always beat youth and exuberance.
My wife and I, unlike many intellectuals, spent five years working on assembly lines. We came to fully understand the criticisms of the industrial age, in which you are an appendage of a machine that sets the pace.
Even one voice can be heard loudly all over the world in this day and age.
At this age, I should be leading a quiet life.
Any new financial order for the world must tackle the three chief challenges of our age.
In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's beloved.
Rereading A.J. Liebling carries me happily back to an age when all good journalists knew they had plenty to be modest about, and were.
Reason is a crutch for age, but youth is strong enough to walk alone.
What's a man's age? He must hurry more, that's all Cram in a day, what his youth took a year to hold.
What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew.
A face to lose youth for, to occupy age With the dream of, meet death with.
I believe the true function of age is memory. I'm recording as fast as I can.
So Harry Potter came in and it is nice that I have kids of the right age. I took them to London and they walked around the set and met Harry Potter and that is thrilling.
All we can do when we think of kids today is think of more hours of school, earlier age at the computer, and curfews. Who would want to grow up in that world?
The reason for the sadness of this modern age and the men who live in it is that it looks for the truth in everything and finds it.
No, but way before that, I've been doing little dances in movies for years. Yeah, that was an amazing chance. You know, at my age to be able to do a music dance video, very unusual.
There probably aren't a lot of actors my age who tap dance.
The older generation had greater respect for land than science. But we live in an age when science, more than soil, has become the provider of growth and abundance. Living just on the land creates loneliness in an age of globality.
I'm totally into new age and self-help books. I used to work in a bookstore and that's the section they gave me, and I got way into it. I just loved the power of positive thinking, letting yourself go.
It's the kind of clothes that mothers and daughters can wear, in terms of concept... It's not about age. It's about taste, and it's about lifestyle. I believe women of all ages can wear anything.
The reason for the slow progress of the world seems to lie in a single fact. Every man is born under the yoke, and grows up beneath the oppressions of his age.
A newspaper is lumber made malleable. It is ink made into words and pictures. It is conceived, born, grows up and dies of old age in a day.
Just as we reject racism, sexism, ageism, and heterosexism, we reject speciesism. The species of a sentient being is no more reason to deny the protection of this basic right than race, sex, age, or sexual orientation is a reason to deny membership in the human moral community to other humans.
I am a grandmother now, and that means age is creeping on, creeping on.
I love things that age well - things that don't date, that stand the test of time and that become living examples of the absolute best.
Many women my age have known the experience of giving up crucial parts of themselves to please the man they love.
American Idol transcends age, gender, ethnicity, everything.
You get to a certain age and you can't judge yourself on your dad or your parents.
I'd like to look like Madonna when I'm her age. I also look at athletes and love their bodies. I've always wanted to be muscly, not skinny. A lot of women yo-yo around, but I'm always aware if I'm getting a bit out of shape. I never look at the scales but I can just tell. It goes on my tum and bum.
I could always sing, from a really young age, but my voice was really weird. I used to make my mum turn up the radio every day in our house. She was well into music so I got that from her.
I think women get caught up too much in having a plan - 'I'm going to get married at this age I'm going to have a kid at this age' - and then they just try to find a guy who will fit into that picture. I don't want my life to be based on that.
I was always concerned with writing to my age at a particular moment. That was the way I would keep faith with the audience that supported me as I went along.
When I was seventeen, I worked as a counsellor at a co-ed sleep-away camp for eight weeks. I loved it but it could be harrowing - it was far too much responsibility for someone my age.
Music has always been my protection against the world, from a very young age. I feel safe inside of a jam.
We are the children of a technological age. We have found streamlined ways of doing much of our routine work. Printing is no longer the only way of reproducing books. Reading them, however, has not changed.
Religion is the best antidote to the individualism of the consumer age. The idea that society can do without it flies in the face of history and, now, evolutionary biology.
Religiosity turns out to be the best indicator of civic involvement: it's more accurate than education, age, income, gender or race.
Adulthood is the ever-shrinking period between childhood and old age. It is the apparent aim of modern industrial societies to reduce this period to a minimum.
I was born at the age of twelve on a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer lot.
We live in an age of instant knowledge. And there's almost a sense of entitlement to that.
It's the golden age of French cinema again but it's because Sarkozy had the guts to push through copyright law.
My view is pensioners don't have the one option that people of working age have. They can't really increase their income, because they are no longer able to work.
Work is transformative. It gives you a greater chance of a greater income. You can affect your life while you're of working age, so you have scope and opportunity. Pensioners do not.
I think you can't really escape any kind of spiritual education as a child, whether it's New Age or Judaism or Buddhism or whatever it is. You can't escape it, even if you completely disagree with it, you still have it as a foundation that you base things off of.
At my age the only problem is with remembering names. When I call everyone darling, it has damn all to do with passionately adoring them, but I know I'm safe calling them that. Although, of course, I adore them too.
I never took guitar lessons. I took classical piano lessons from the age of six when we lived in Holland. And when we moved to America, it was just the typical thing except I was really good at it so was my brother.
I never took guitar lessons. I took classical piano lessons from the age of six when we lived in Holland.
We live in an age, in an era where there is so much negativity, there is so much violence in the world, there is so much unrest and people are at war, that I wanted to promote the word love and red signifies love.
I am happy being able to play roles with people my age because once you do something really mature there is no turning back.
Compared to a lot of actresses my age, I'm actually overweight.
This is what I asked for, and in this day and age that's what actually goes on. But what hurts me the most is that I work just as hard as any other actress around my age, like Scarlett Johansson, but I just don't get the opportunities that they get because people are so distracted by the mess that I created in my life.
At a young age, I was interested in comic books, which was really how I learnt to read. The name Cage came from a comic book character called Power Man.
There is a certain age at which a child looks at you in all earnestness and delivers a long, pleased speech in all the true inflections of spoken English, but with not one recognizable syllable.
I can't wait to be that age and hanging out with a bunch of people hanging out all day playing golf and going to the beach, all my own age. We'd be laughing and having a good time and getting loopy on our prescription drugs. Driving golf carts around. I can't wait.
I would love a family. I'm at the age where the wish for a child gets stronger. But who knows.
I love physical kinds of comedy and getting down and dirty and doing stunts. When I was growing up, I was always getting into fights with guys and usually punching out boys my age because I was a lot bigger and tougher. So I'm naturally accustomed to putting myself into the headspace of a girl who can take care of herself.
Love, with very young people, is a heartless business. We drink at that age from thirst, or to get drunk it is only later in life that we occupy ourselves with the individuality of our wine.
Age for me is just a number.
You hit a certain age and - especially because of TV - the young cooks coming up say, 'You're a sellout, because you're doing something other than what you should be doing.' 'Top Chef' is a double-edged sword for me: There's a whole group of people who will not come to the restaurants because they assume I'm not in them anymore, all I do is TV.
Some of your teachers are actually closer in age to you than you think.
From an early age I didn't buy into the value systems of working hard in a nine-to-five job. I thought creativity, friendship and loyalty and pushing the boundaries of what was acceptable was much more interesting.
I hate the idea that you shouldn't wear something just because you're a certain age.
I am firmly of the opinion that women who make a lot of effort to hang onto their looks in middle age (unless they are beauties, entertainers or prostitutes) are rather sad, as one should surely have something more substantial to recommend one by this time, such as kindness or cleverness.
As a precocious teen I dreamed of being Graham Greene. Well, as it turned out, I never wrote a great novel, sadly, and I never converted to Catholicism, happily, but I did do one thing he did. That is, in middle age I moved to a seaside town and got into a right barney with the local powers-that-be.
Age should not have its face lifted, but it should rather teach the world to admire wrinkles as the etchings of experience and the firm line of character.
Age is only a number, a cipher for the records. A man can't retire his experience. He must use it. Experience achieves more with less energy and time.
To me, old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
I wear clothes that most people in the Midwest would probably deem inappropriate at my age. And I rock a bikini all summer long. I know that it's not normal, but I just don't care. I live once.
I've lost touch with a lot of that boutique-type music just because of my age, and raising my son and the multiple jobs I have at this point.
There's no way to approach anything in an objective way. We're completely subjective our view of the world is completely controlled by who we are as human beings, as men or women, by our age, our history, our profession, by the state of the world.
Age is not measured by years. Nature does not equally distribute energy. Some people are born old and tired while others are going strong at seventy.
Maybe it is something to do with age, but I have become fonder of poetry than of prose.
I grew up on the golden age of children's TV.
I do wish I could tell you my age but it's impossible. It keeps changing all the time.
Pretend to be dumb, that's the only way to reach old age.
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as you're learning you're not old.
The history of my life must begin by the earliest circumstance which my memory can evoke it will therefore commence when I had attained the age of eight years and four months.
We are in an electronic technology age now and it's about time we put away the old stuff.
At my age, I don't think anyone is untouched by cancer.
We try, we fail, we posture, we aspire, we pontificate - and then we age, shrink, die, and vanish.
My habit would have been to veer towards the dark - to prove I was something edgy, or maybe to prove that I was cognisant of the dark side. Now, with age and confidence, I can say, yeah, that's true, but I am cognisant of the fact that people can do things well. And can be more loving than you expect.
It is not possible to live in this age if you don't have a sense of many contradictory forces.
I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin.
It's hard for women at my age in Hollywood, but I'm not discouraged.
We're still living with the old paradigm of age as an arch. That's the old metaphor: You're born, you peak at midlife and decline into decrepitude.
I am hoping for peaceful transition into a new age. Obama has already played a great role in initiating us into that vision. If he were to be harmed in any way, it would spawn the birth of a million Obamas.
I definitely don't look my age. So I actively look for roles that will help people change their perception of me.
Credit or debit cards, for starters, are nothing short of shoppers' Novocain. Even in the age of digital purchases and virtual money, we still attach a special value to dirty paper with pictures of presidents on it. Handing some of that to a cashier simply hurts more than handing over a little sliver of plastic.
When it comes to raising civilized kids there are no hard rules, but there are two things on which most parents agree: Boys are generally wilder than girls, and adolescents are wilder than kids of any other age. If you've got an adolescent boy, you're in the sweet spot for trouble.
It seems to me there is a change in what audiences want to see. I can only hope that's correct, because there's an awful lot of people of my age around now and we outnumber the others.
A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight.
In Hollywood, you play a mom, and the next thing you know, you're on 'The Golden Girls.' They age you so fast.
A great age of literature is perhaps always a great age of translations.
By age seven, I used to comb my hair for performances, just pull my hair up into a bun. Granted, it wasn't a very intricate hairstyle. Still, to be that responsible and disciplined at age seven is unusual.
I am at that age when you panic at the slightest thing.
We Jews have a special attachment to the Book. The study of page after page in tomes yellowing with age was obligatory.
Having come to live in this age is as though one were to have entered another country. Learn its language or risk being left out.
I don't want to look at other people my age in leather. Why would I put it on?
I believe that the fight against crime starts in the home. Parents must take responsibility for their children and show them love and guidance from an early age so they learn to respect the rights of others.
At an early age, I started my own paper route. Once I saw how you could service people and do a good job and get paid for it, I just wanted to be the best I could be in whatever I did.
Middle age: when you begin to exchange your emotions for symptoms.
Brain power improves by brain use, just as our bodily strength grows with exercise. And there is no doubt that a large proportion of the female population, from school days to late middle age, now have very complicated lives indeed.
I began to understand my sensations, to know what I wanted, at around the age of forty - but only vaguely.
I grew up on a farm in a small town where you do or say one thing and everybody knows about it. You see it happen, there's always the town gossip - 'Oh did you hear about so and so, or did you hear what went on in this household?' So I learned at a very young age just to keep my mouth shut.
The Border Ballads, for instance, and the Robin Hood Ballads, clearly suppose a state of society which is nothing but a very circumscribed and not very important heroic age.
When you're my age and you see a story, you better go for it pretty quickly. I'd just like to get a few more novels under my belt.
Catholics and evangelicals need to remain allied, and in solidarity, against the increasingly aggressive secularism of our age.
I don't know whether it's age or maturity, but I certainly find myself committed more and more to the looser forms of Western democracy at any price.
Losing both parents at a young age gave me a sense that you can't really control life - so you'd better live it while it's here. I stopped believing in a storybook existence a long time ago. All you can do is push in a direction and see what comes of it.
Old age is not a disease - it is strength and survivorship, triumph over all kinds of vicissitudes and disappointments, trials and illnesses.
Study until twenty-five, investigation until forty, profession until sixty, at which age I would have him retired on a double allowance.
In the digital age of 'overnight' success stories such as Facebook, the hard slog is easily overlooked.
The greatest writers of this age... are aware of the mystery of our existence.
The chief role of the universities is to prolong adolescence into middle age, at which point early retirement ensures that we lack the means or the will to enforce significant change.
My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship. I watched them over the years and saw how they dealt with everything together, as a team.
My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship.
At my age it is unseemly to be pessimistic.
I don't look my age, I don't feel my age and I don't act my age. To me age is just a number.
I believe that parents need to make nutrition education a priority in their home environment. It's crucial for good health and longevity to instill in your children sound eating habits from an early age.
Most poetry in the modern age has retreated to the private sphere, turning its back on the political realm.
We incorporated new tastes and flavors into our kids' diets from a very early age, which helped to develop their palates and prevented them from becoming picky eaters. We don't buy junk food and give them options of fresh fruit, yogurt, raw almonds, or dried whole grain cereals for snack time.
Filth and old age, I'm sure you will agree, are powerful wardens upon chastity.
It has been claimed at times that our modern age of technology facilitates dictatorship.
Working on the 'Ice Age' movies, I'm really proud to be in them.
No Congress ever has seen fit to amend the Constitution to address any issue related to marriage. No Constitutional Amendment was needed to ban polygamy or bigamy, nor was a Constitutional Amendment needed to set a uniform age of majority to ban child marriages.
We're taught at such a young age that you can always be better and that you're never perfect and that you're never good enough.
The young people have MTV and rock and roll. Why would they go to read poetry? Poetry belongs to the Stone Age. It awakens in us perceptions that go back to those times.
Study is the bane of childhood, the oil of youth, the indulgence of adulthood, and a restorative in old age.
Because of my age and because there's more work on the small screen. What it's missing in quality it makes up for in quantity. From an actor's selfish point of view.
Old age is an insult. It's like being smacked.
Age puzzles me. I thought it was a quiet time. My seventies were interesting and fairly serene, but my eighties are passionate. I grow more intense as I age.
One of the great challenges of our age, in which the tools of our productivity are also the tools of our leisure, is to figure out how to make more useful those moments of procrastination when we're idling in front of our computer screens.
I happen to be interested in watching a face age. I like faces of women aging so it makes me personally quite sad. That's a beautiful gift from God. If people don't want to see that anymore then I won't be in anymore movies.
Never say never, but the thought of electively cutting oneself is beyond my grasp, and I also object to it politically. Denying the lines on our faces makes a comment about age and wisdom I don't care to make.
People pay to see movies with women looking beautiful, but I think there will be a place for me to play women looking my own age.
There's a small club of women who are willing to age.
I hope to find the roles that are age appropriate but not yearning to be younger, or parenting ad nauseam.
I try to write lyrics so that they won't age, which sort of leaves you with the big subjects like death and love and sex and violence.
In the modern media age we are rarely surprised by what we see. Whether it's on television or film or in the theatre, everything is so advertised, so trailed, that most entertainment is merely what you thought it was going to be like.
I came back to work when my children were two months old. At that early age, they seem to have little awareness of anybody but their Raggedy Ann dolls, so it wasn't a matter of them missing me. I was missing them.
Being successful at a very young age gave me the confidence and the capability to try out other things.
I feel more mature than most people my age.
Age does not bring you wisdom, age brings you wrinkles.
Maybe I'll be a feminist in my old age.
You can fake your age or mask it, but the passion that moves the characters has to be real.
I think that clearly it has an influence, to be coming of age during the punk rock era, to come from a difficult and sporadically violent background, to have been in and out of such chaos, I think it actually helps. But I don't know for sure.
I'd date someone younger or older age doesn't matter to me. Or looks, really - it's all about maturity.
Try to keep your soul young and quivering right up to old age.
I wanted to be a forest ranger or a coal man. At a very early age, I knew I didn't want to do what my dad did, which was work in an office.
Parenting is an impossible job at any age.
Sally Field looks amazing in general, never mind her age! She's a phenomenally talented actress and has had a career spanning so many decades.
IQ is a commodity, data is a commodity. I'm far more interested in watching people interact at a restaurant with their smartphone. We can all read 'Tech Crunch,' 'Ad Age.' I would rather be living in the trenches. I would rather be going to Whole Foods in Columbus Circle to watch people shop with their smartphones.
Genius worship is the inevitable sign of an uncreative age.
I appreciate and enjoy my age.
I've been going through photos of my mother, looking back on her life and trying to put it into context. Very few people age gracefully enough to be photographed through their aging.
Some broad themes brought me where I am today. At a very young age, my hobby became thinking and finding connections.
I think you have to be a little bit strict. You can't be friend and their parent in a lot of situations, especially in this day and age where it's so dangerous for kids. So there's a bit of sternness, I guess, in the way I raise my kids.
I want to sell to people my own age, because that's the way I write songs.
You get to a certain age and you just want to prove that you can still rock - that you've still got it.
It's only at this age that I can say the word 'art' without flinching.
Well, once you've resigned yourself to the fact that you are the more mature pop performer and you're past the age you ever thought you would do it, you might as well do it as long as you can. As long as I can still lift a microphone, then I'll do it, you know.
I think it's hard, the fact that there's a certain age that we can't have kids anymore.
While I had often said that I wanted to die in bed, what I really meant was that in my old age I wanted to be stepped on by an elephant while making love.
I basically started playing violin at the age of six. That lasted about three years because my previous teacher died and the second teacher didn't really know how to successfully get me going.
Age acquires no value save through thought and discipline.
Old age isn't so bad when you consider the alternative.
I was well motivated. What I wanted to do was work for myself. I had twenty two jobs before I started my business at the age of twenty three and I didn't want one more boss telling me what to do. So I was motivated simply because I didn't want a boss.
Regardless of age, regardless of position, regardless of the business we happen to be in, all of us need to understand the importance of branding. We are CEOs of our own companies: Me, Inc. To be in business today, our most important job is to be head marketer for the brand called You.
An age which is incapable of poetry is incapable of any kind of literature except the cleverness of a decadence.
I've always felt that sexuality is a really slippery thing. In this day and age, it tends to get categorized and labeled, and I think labels are for food. Canned food.
There must be a law against forcing children to perform at an early age. Children should have a wonderful childhood. They should not be given too much responsibility.
Each age tries to form its own conception of the past. Each age writes the history of the past anew with reference to the conditions uppermost in its own time.
People quit on jobs. They quit on marriages. They quit on school. There's an immediacy of this day and age that doesn't lend itself to being committed to anything.
I nearly died of double bronchial pneumonia at the age of five.
The wonderful thing about age is that your knees don't work as well, you can't run down steps quite as easily and obviously you can't lift heavy weights. But your mind doesn't feel any different.
In a secular age, an authentic miracle must purport to be a hoax, in order to gain credit in the world.
In the age of television, image becomes more important than substance.
Maybe back in the day you didn't need to be the greatest looking to be on TV and you didn't need to speak the best, but in this day and age, I think you need to be the package. You need to look the part for your sponsors, you need to be able to speak the part for the media and to big CEOs.
The culture of independent film criticism has totally gone down the drain and this seems to come with the territory of the consumer age that we are now living in.
There are only three things that can kill a farmer: lightning, rolling over in a tractor, and old age.
They say eyes clear with age.
Growing up on stage, I was introduced to makeup at a young age and I will never forget the first time I tried on a L'Oreal Paris iconic lipstick - it was instant glamour and I've been hooked ever since.
I don't mind my age.
It's a little silly to finally learn how to write at this age. But I long ago realized I was secretly sincere.
It's not always possible to sit down and eat at home in this day and age of fast-paced living, but if you are going to eat out, do so as a family and support all the great local places in your areas. I'll still eat at the same diner I did as a kid with my parents.
India saw from the beginning, and, even in her ages of reason and her age of increasing ignorance, she never lost hold of the insight, that life cannot be rightly seen in the sole light, cannot be perfectly lived in the sole power of its externalities.
A sense of freedom is something that, happily, comes with age and life experience.
Writers obviously have to bear witness to the harsh face of the age.
Stop living a day at a time and stop worrying about age.
Young women from a very young age are taught that life will be easier if you can just turn on the charming smile and say very little and be complacent and docile and sweet.
I envy the sensibility in Europe, appreciating beauty in women as they age. I'm going to go that way. I might dye my gray hair for a bit, but beyond that the buck stops. I'm not having any work done.
It was Julie Burchill who decreed that, beyond a certain age, a man should not be seen in a leather jacket.
As a result of the digital age and the decline of first-class mail, there is no question that the Postal Service must change and develop a new business model.
I've watched my peers get better with age and hoped that would happen with me.
I never wanted to do TV. I just did what I was trained to do through the Special Forces, and I've been doing that from a very young age.
Second to agriculture, humbug is the biggest industry of our age.
When it comes down to it, it's about who you know, and who's a fan. It's about whether you're the right age, whether you're hot or not, whether the studio is into you or not.
Another principle is, the deepest affections of our hearts gather around some human form in which are incarnated the living thoughts and ideas of the passing age.
My acting career began at age three and my parents got me into it. I was in a McDonald's commercial.
I just yesterday returned from a trip where I photographed a woman with two children whom I photographed first when she was the age of the older of the two children.
You live in a deranged age, more deranged that usual, because in spite of great scientific and technological advances, man has not the faintest idea of who he is or what he is doing.
To write a story about New York that only deals with people in your age and socioeconomic bracket, that feels dishonest to me. So much of New York comes from everyone bumping into each other.
My mother inspired me to treat others as I would want to be treated regardless of age, race or financial status.
And from the first time I picked up a basketball at age eight - I had a lot of difficulty when I first picked up a basketball, because I was a scrub - there were things that I liked about it.
The great thing about arriving at this age is that I don't even care about my career anymore.
Almost all of your life is lived by the seat of your pants, one unexpected event crashing into another, with no pattern or reason, and then you finally reach a point, around my age, where you spend more time than ever looking back. Why did this happen? Look where that led? You see the shape of things.
There are no college courses to build up self-esteem or high school or elementary school. If you don't get those values at a early age, nurtured in your home, you don't get them.
The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next.
If children are not introduced to music at an early age, I believe something fundamental is actually being taken from them.
Middle age is when your broad mind and narrow waist begin to change places.
As an American, you have a right to good health care that is effective, accessible, and affordable, that serves you from infancy through old age, that allows you to go to practitioners and facilities of your choosing, and that offers a broad range of therapeutic options.
Women would be disproportionately affected by the privatization of social security. It is one of the most important safety nets for American women in old age, or in times of disability, to insure financial income for their families.
Low levels of vitamin D in the population as a whole suggest that most people need to take a vitamin D supplement. This may be especially true for seniors, as the ability to synthesize vitamin D in the skin declines with age.
Part of the reason I sort of shot out like a cannon out of Michigan and left home at such an early age is because I had to feel independent.
I think that everyone at any age should ask themselves, 'where do I want to be today, where do I want to be tomorrow, and where do I want to be in a hundred years?' We all have clear answers to those questions. We only have so much time. It's a real shame if we don't spend our lives trying to do that.
My parents got married late and they had kids late, so I never felt a social or cultural thing to be married or pregnant or a homeowner by a certain age.
I'm a pretty big dork. It's crazy. I'm one of those people who grew up with all kinds of musicals, but I was right at that age where 'Rent' was a big deal for me and for my friends.
I was very sexual from a very young age.
It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years.
And I'm not as young as I once was. At my age, I don't have time to be bored.
One already feels like an anachronism, writing novels in the age of what-ever-this-is-the-age-of, but touring to promote them feels doubly anachronistic. The marketplace is showing an increasing intolerance for the time-honored practice of printing information on paper and shipping it around the country.
To own the dominant, or only, newspaper in a mid-sized American city was, for many decades, a kind of license to print money. In the Internet age, however, no one has figured out how to rescue the newspaper in the United States or abroad.
I was equally in love with singing and acting from an early age.
You can construct the character of a man and his age not only from what he does and says, but from what he fails to say and do.
These days too many of us seem inclined to cover our ears, close our eyes, and blindly follow the most narrow, conservative tenets of religion or else seek comfort in the ancient traditions of New Age ritual.
There is no age, height, or weight requirement to skate. It is good exercise no matter what your age is. If you want to be competitive, most start young. But, I practice with many adult competitors.
Well, my son really loves wildlife. And everytime he draws a polar bear I want to tell him there probably won't any by the time... he's my age. That's kinda hard to deal with.
To be perfectly honest, I think that as I'm growing older, I'm just growing more impatient. I'll be very happy if at some point people say, 'Michael's grown wiser and softer in his old age.' But we'll have to wait and see what my next project is.
A woman my age is not supposed to be attractive or sexually appealing. I just get kinda tired of that.
I was apprehensive. I feared every time I talked about poetry, it would be filtered through the lens of race, sex, and age.
I started out modeling at a young age and surrounded myself with different brilliant minds. I have so many people to get educated from, and I've been a sponge.
People say women shouldn't have long hair over a certain age, but I've never done what everyone says.
The second album was emotionally exhausting and my life felt like it had become very serious at a very young age.
The first feminine feature that goes, with advancing age, is the neck.
You just never know when you're living in a golden age.
We now have an opportunity, though, to do something we didn't do in the industrial age, and that is to get a leg up on this, to bring the public in quickly, to have an informed debate.
We were making the first step out of the age of chemistry and physics, and into the age of biology.
I feel like women are asked their age more than men.
Even in this day and age, if you're not married, there are people who are like, 'Awww! Don't worry, it'll happen for you someday.'
I have worked very hard on being aware of my childhood but moving forward and not letting it bring me down emotionally. That is a hard thing - especially when you have children of your own and you remember what happened to you at that age.
Traveling to Russia and Germany and being able to see the world at a young age was really cool for me, and I really liked that.
The balance of private good and general welfare is at the bottom of civilized morals but the morals of the Heroic Age are founded on individuality, and on nothing else.
The reason can only be this: heroic poetry depends on an heroic age, and an age is heroic because of what it is, not because of what it does.
We live in an age of mediocrity.
I gambled and I lost. I failed in securing my options for this choice for myself, but I succeeded in verifying the Dark Age is still with us.
I was always obsessed with being famous. I had Marilyn Monroe paper dolls as a child, and I was always obsessed with her. I've just been really driven in that direction, and none of my friends were. So, I don't know what put that bug in me at a young age.
I've always tried to do my very best, and I want to be the very best age, whatever age I am.
One problem with age is that patience begins to ebb.
Men of my age live in a state of continual desperation.
Starting a new retirement plan for those below a certain age is something tens of millions of Americans have already been through at work.
Anybody under the age of forty knows hip-hop, gospel and R&ampB pretty well, and it's all a part of what we consider to be 'black music.' There is a natural synergy between the three.
Well, Jeff Buckley for me is one of the greatest singers I've ever heard. And the reason why is he has an amazing range, amazing emotional power in his voice. And the music he put around it also just had this passion and this soul to it and this spirit to it that very few artists have, and he passed at a very young age.
It's getting better generally, daily, especially in TV, for women in acting and age and looks count less. As more women come into the business. Change of any sort takes a long time to happen.
I think the most exciting thing is that you expect people our age to know the music, but actually a lot of kids know the music, and if anything is left, we have left really good music, and that's the important part, not the mop-tops or whatever.
It doesn't matter what color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, etc., everyone should have the same freedoms and liberties.
Childhood itself is scarcely more lovely than a cheerful, kindly, sunshiny old age.
In my older age, I've learned to take things slower, because I used to be that total-fall-in-love-after-a-day guy.
You watch yourself age and it's hard to feel like a sex symbol.
I like to be alone so I can write. But focus can hurt you. I don't want to be some stress casualty in early middle age.
I'd always thought the Rats were good fun, but one of the very nice things about being of Saga age is that I can actually look back and think, When I was younger I was in a great band. It was always a collective thing.
I do think I feel it but you don't think you are cause at a certain time you are no age but you don't think you are anything. You feel the life you have lived. I feel that. It's been a long fifty years.
The crucial task of old age is balance: keeping just well enough, just brave enough, just gay and interested and starkly honest enough to remain a sentient human being.
I believed my story would be helpful to young women my daughter's age, who are still in the process of forming themselves as women, and in need of encouragement to remain true to themselves.
Old age and sickness bring out the essential characteristics of a man.
We hold that the most wonderful and splendid proof of genius is a great poem produced in a civilized age.
The age we live in is a busy age in which knowledge is rapidly advancing towards perfection.
In a spiritually sensitive culture, then, it might well be that age is something to be admired or envied.
What though youth gave love and roses, Age still leaves us friends and wine.
If there is anything I would do differently in my life, it is that I would study business more. I'm trying to teach my daughter Chloe at an early age about investing and money so she's not afraid of it.
Any young man who is unmarried at the age of twenty one is a menace to the community.
Time, in general, has always been a central obsession of mine - what it does to people, how it can constitute a plot all on its own. So naturally, I am interested in old age.
The first crocodile I ever caught was at nine years of age, and it was a rescue.
It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely.
Alone we can do so little together we can do so much.
It's often just enough to be with someone. I don't need to touch them. Not even talk. A feeling passes between you both. You're not alone.
Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
I restore myself when I'm alone.
A man is born alone and dies alone and he experiences the good and bad consequences of his karma alone and he goes alone to hell or the Supreme abode.
I have to be alone very often. I'd be quite happy if I spent from Saturday night until Monday morning alone in my apartment. That's how I refuel.
I don't want to be alone, I want to be left alone.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
We allow our ignorance to prevail upon us and make us think we can survive alone, alone in patches, alone in groups, alone in races, even alone in genders.
If it's true that our species is alone in the universe, then I'd have to say the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little.
Language... has created the word 'loneliness' to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word 'solitude' to express the glory of being alone.
I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
Every man must do two things alone he must do his own believing and his own dying.
Loneliness is my least favorite thing about life. The thing that I'm most worried about is just being alone without anybody to care for or someone who will care for me.
I have never found a companion that was so companionable as solitude. We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers. A man thinking or working is always alone, let him be where he will.
I finally faced the fact that it isn't a crime not having friends. Being alone means you have fewer problems.
Yes, I guess you could say I am a loner, but I feel more lonely in a crowed room with boring people than I feel on my own.
The only real progress lies in learning to be wrong all alone.
If you are lonely when you're alone, you are in bad company.
Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone.
All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.
We are rarely proud when we are alone.
We are all sentenced to solitary confinement inside our own skins, for life.
It's an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. That's always been a tug of war for me.
Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being in the society in which he lives. Man's life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but for the development of his self.
If I am a legend, then why am I so lonely?
A man can be himself only so long as he is alone.
What a lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
Still and all, why bother? Here's my answer. Many people need desperately to receive this message: I feel and think much as you do, care about many of the things you care about, although most people do not care about them. You are not alone.
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone.
You come into the world alone and you go out of the world alone yet it seems to me you are more alone while living than even going and coming.
To live alone is the fate of all great souls.
The time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself.
I've also seen that great men are often lonely. This is understandable, because they have built such high standards for themselves that they often feel alone. But that same loneliness is part of their ability to create.
In Genesis, it says that it is not good for a man to be alone but sometimes it is a great relief.
I only go out to get me a fresh appetite for being alone.
The lonely become either thoughtful or empty.
There's a tremendous difference between alone and lonely. You could be lonely in a group of people. I like being alone. I like eating by myself. I go home at night and just watch a movie or hang out with my dog. I have to exert myself and really say, oh God, I've got to see my friends 'cause I'm too content being by myself.
I really enjoy being single again. I spent a lot of time in a relationship and the nearer we came to the end, the more difficult it got. You don't see things clearly as long as you're still involved.
The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want.
The desire to get married, which - I regret to say, I believe is basic and primal in women - is followed almost immediately by an equally basic and primal urge - which is to be single again.
Who knows what true loneliness is - not the conventional word but the naked terror? To the lonely themselves it wears a mask. The most miserable outcast hugs some memory or some illusion.
Living alone makes it harder to find someone to blame.
As a body everyone is single, as a soul never.
The capacity for not feeling lonely can carry a very real price, that of feeling nothing at all.
Always give a word or sign of salute when meeting or passing a friend, or even a stranger, if in a lonely place.
All men's misfortunes spring from their hatred of being alone.
To dare to live alone is the rarest courage since there are many who had rather meet their bitterest enemy in the field, than their own hearts in their closet.
Even in the presence of others he was completely alone.
Alone let him constantly meditate in solitude on that which is salutary for his soul, for he who meditates in solitude attains supreme bliss.
I have so many different personalities in me and I still feel lonely.
I never said, 'I want to be alone.' I only said, 'I want to be left alone.' There is all the difference.
Every man is born as many men and dies as a single one.
I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best.
As I get older I'm more and more comfortable being alone.
I'm fascinated with myself and love hearing the sound of my own voice. I'd like to hear what I have to say. A lot of people don't like being alone because they truly don't like themselves, but I love me.
I would be married, but I'd have no wife, I would be married to a single life.
Unless we love and are loved, each of us is alone, each of us is deeply lonely.
A man content to go to heaven alone will never go to heaven.
He that can live alone resembles the brute beast in nothing, the sage in much, and God in everything.
Remember we're all in this alone.
Solitude is the profoundest fact of the human condition. Man is the only being who knows he is alone.
Absolutely lonely people have few personal interactions of any kind.
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
Don't go away. I don't want to be alone. I can't stand being alone.
Inside myself is a place where I live all alone and that is where I renew my springs that never dry up.
Being alone is very difficult.
I would rather be a beggar and single than a queen and married.
If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone.
Only the lonely know the way I feel tonight.
Be able to be alone. Lose not the advantage of solitude, and the society of thyself.
The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth.
All of our unhappiness comes from our inability to be alone.
When the people you love are gone, you're alone.
You can't fake it when you're alone with God, you know.
Nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets.
If you're going to put yourself above everybody else, you might end up alone.
By all means use some time to be alone.
I think I jump around more when I'm alone.
When I'm alone, I can sleep crossways in bed without an argument.
There are places and moments in which one is so completely alone that one sees the world entire.
I'm happily single.
You're only lonely if you're not there for you.
I'm single, footloose and fancy free, I have no responsibilities, no anchors. Work, friendship and self-improvement, that's me.
When everything is lonely I can be my best friend.
A human being is a single being. Unique and unrepeatable.
Your actions, and your action alone, determines your worth.
I think the greatest amount of pressure is the pressure I place on myself. So in a way I chose to be alone.
You only grow when you are alone.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Before the throne of the Almighty, man will be judged not by his acts but by his intentions. For God alone reads our hearts.
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone - so far.
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not the world is full of educated failures. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.
I may climb perhaps to no great heights, but I will climb alone.
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal.
I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do. I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them if I find them too obnoxious, I break them. I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do.
We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.
Every government degenerates when trusted to the rulers of the people alone. The people themselves are its only safe depositories.
It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough.
Our Lord has written the promise of resurrection, not in books alone, but in every leaf in springtime.
I think this is the most extraordinary collection of talent, of human knowledge, that has ever been gathered at the White House - with the possible exception of when Thomas Jefferson dined alone.
One travels more usefully when alone, because he reflects more.
Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone, and you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost.
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.
Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.
It is better to be alone than in bad company.
Perhaps I know best why it is man alone who laughs he alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter.
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone.
To Follow by faith alone is to follow blindly.
You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give.
You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room.
Unconditional war can no longer lead to unconditional victory. It can no longer serve to settle disputes... can no longer be of concern to great powers alone.
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
An artist is always alone - if he is an artist. No, what the artist needs is loneliness.
The man who goes alone can start today but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready.
Being solitary is being alone well: being alone luxuriously immersed in doings of your own choice, aware of the fullness of your won presence rather than of the absence of others. Because solitude is an achievement.
I have noticed... that men usually leave married women alone and are inclined to treat all wives with respect. This is no great credit to married women.
I am alone I am always alone no matter what.
Some of my foster families used to send me to the movies to get me out of the house and there I'd sit all day and way into the night. Up in front, there with the screen so big, a little kid all alone, and I loved it. I loved anything that moved up there and I didn't miss anything that happened and there was no popcorn either.
A woman can't be alone. She needs a man. A man and a woman support and strengthen each other. She just can't do it by herself.
I used to think as I looked out on the Hollywood night, 'There must be thousands of girls sitting alone like me dreaming of being a movie star.' But I'm not going to worry about them. I'm dreaming the hardest.
Reason is not automatic. Those who deny it cannot be conquered by it. Do not count on them. Leave them alone.
The doer alone learneth.
God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars.
There is danger that we lose sight of what our friend is absolutely, while considering what she is to us alone.
No face which we can give to a matter will stead us so well at last as the truth. This alone wears well.
I alone of English writers have consciously set myself to make music out of what I may call the sound of sense.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
Being a child at home alone in the summer is a high-risk occupation. If you call your mother at work thirteen times an hour, she can hurt you.
Ah, mon cher, for anyone who is alone, without God and without a master, the weight of days is dreadful.
Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.
Often we can help each other most by leaving each other alone at other times we need the hand-grasp and the word of cheer.
Grant that I may not pray alone with the mouth help me that I may pray from the depths of my heart.
The time you spend alone with God will transform your character and increase your devotion. Then your integrity and godly behavior in an unbelieving world will make others long to know the Lord.
When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts. A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child.
Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of God's grace.
This is the highest wisdom that I own freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew.
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.
Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Fashion is always of the time in which you live. It is not something standing alone. But the grand problem, the most important problem, is to rejeuvenate women. To make women look young. Then their outlook changes. They feel more joyous.
Time, which alone makes the reputation of men, ends by making their defects respectable.
Leadership is the other side of the coin of loneliness, and he who is a leader must always act alone. And acting alone, accept everything alone.
Blood alone moves the wheels of history.
What is uttered from the heart alone, Will win the hearts of others to your own.
You are never so alone as when you are ill on stage. The most nightmarish feeling in the world is suddenly to feel like throwing up in front of four thousand people.
I mean, I've always been a libertarian. Leave everybody alone. Let everybody else do what they want. Just stay out of everybody else's hair.
Everything great in the world comes from neurotics. They alone have founded our religions and composed our masterpieces.
The artist alone sees spirits. But after he has told of their appearing to him, everybody sees them.
Man is a creature who lives not upon bread alone, but primarily by catchwords.
Nothing else so destroys the power to stand alone as the habit of leaning upon others. If you lean, you will never be strong or original. Stand alone or bury your ambition to be somebody in the world.
You that would judge me, do not judge alone this book or that, come to this hallowed place where my friends' portraits hang and look thereon Ireland's history in their lineaments trace think where man's glory most begins and ends and say my glory was I had such friends.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
We are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of Nature has placed in our power... the battle, sir, is not to the strong alone it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave.
Even though I love solar and love wind, like most people do, I like the renewable sources, they alone are not going to get America energy independent.
There are two types of poor people, those who are poor together and those who are poor alone. The first are the true poor, the others are rich people out of luck.
Your most precious, valued possessions and your greatest powers are invisible and intangible. No one can take them. You, and you alone, can give them. You will receive abundance for your giving.
I like the idea of being alone. I like the idea of often being alone in all aspects of my life. I like to feel lonely. I like to need things.
It seems that when you have cancer you are a brave battler against the disease, but when you have Alzheimer's you are an old fart. That's how people see you. It makes you feel quite alone.
People used what they called a telephone because they hated being close together and they were scared of being alone.
Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies.
Too many Christians have a commitment of convenience. They'll stay faithful as long as it's safe and doesn't involve risk, rejection, or criticism. Instead of standing alone in the face of challenge or temptation, they check to see which way their friends are going.
If those committed to the quest fail, they will be forgiven. When lost, they will find another way. The moral imperative of humanism is the endeavor alone, whether successful or not, provided the effort is honorable and failure memorable.
Faith, mighty faith, the promise sees, And looks to God alone Laughs at impossibilities, And cries it shall be done.
Our language has wisely sensed the two sides of being alone. It has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word solitude to express the glory of being alone.
Better mad with the rest of the world than wise alone.
I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness and the willingness to remain vulnerable.
Love alone is capable of uniting living beings in such a way as to complete and fulfill them, for it alone takes them and joins them by what is deepest in themselves.
It is in moments of illness that we are compelled to recognize that we live not alone but chained to a creature of a different kingdom, whole worlds apart, who has no knowledge of us and by whom it is impossible to make ourselves understood: our body.
The more decisions that you are forced to make alone, the more you are aware of your freedom to choose.
Communication is a continual balancing act, juggling the conflicting needs for intimacy and independence. To survive in the world, we have to act in concert with others, but to survive as ourselves, rather than simply as cogs in a wheel, we have to act alone.
I don't think I could live without hair, makeup and styling, let alone be the performer I am. I am a glamour girl through and through. I believe in the glamorous life and I live one.
Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone.
No employer today is independent of those about him. He cannot succeed alone, no matter how great his ability or capital. Business today is more than ever a question of cooperation.
Just as a cautious businessman avoids investing all his capital in one concern, so wisdom would probably admonish us also not to anticipate all our happiness from one quarter alone.
Loneliness expresses the pain of being alone and solitude expresses the glory of being alone.
None of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding except when he listens to this whisper which is heard by him alone.
In all history there is no war which was not hatched by the governments, the governments alone, independent of the interests of the people, to whom war is always pernicious even when successful.
This, then, is the test we must set for ourselves not to march alone but to march in such a way that others will wish to join us.
When I decided to be a singer, my mother warned me I'd be alone a lot. Basically we all are. Loneliness comes with life.
Man alone is born crying, lives complaining, and dies disappointed.
No nation can meet the world's challenges alone.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Why is it you feel like a dope if you laugh alone, but that's usually how you end up crying?
The golden opportunity you are seeking is in yourself. It is not in your environment it is not in luck or chance, or the help of others it is in yourself alone.
All conservatism is based upon the idea that if you leave things alone you leave them as they are. But you do not. If you leave a thing alone you leave it to a torrent of change.
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone.
Work alone is noble.
It is good taste, and good taste alone, that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning.
I want to be with those who know secret things or else alone.
The struggle alone pleases us, not the victory.
Remember, man does not live on bread alone: sometimes he needs a little buttering up.
A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.
No enterprise can exist for itself alone. It ministers to some great need, it performs some great service, not for itself, but for others or failing therein, it ceases to be profitable and ceases to exist.
One man alone can be pretty dumb sometimes, but for real bona fide stupidity, there ain't nothin' can beat teamwork.
I want to be alone.
Man's ultimate concern must be expressed symbolically, because symbolic language alone is able to express the ultimate.
There is no pleasure to me without communication: there is not so much as a sprightly thought comes into my mind that it does not grieve me to have produced alone, and that I have no one to tell it to.
Grief can't be shared. Everyone carries it alone. His own burden in his own way.
Man does not live by soap alone and hygiene, or even health, is not much good unless you can take a healthy view of it or, better still, feel a healthy indifference to it.
Freedom is the sure possession of those alone who have the courage to defend it.
Don't ever let economic alone determine your career or how you spend the majority of your time.
It is the fight alone that pleases us, not the victory.
We are not to give credit to the many, who say that none ought to be educated but the free but rather to the philosophers, who say that the well-educated alone are free.
He travels the fastest who travels alone.
It is great folly to wish to be wise all alone.
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
Though nature be ever so generous, yet can she not make a hero alone. Fortune must contribute her part too and till both concur, the work cannot be perfected.
The most boring scenes are the scenes where a character is alone.
Earth teach me to forget myself as melted snow forgets its life. Earth teach me resignation as the leaves which die in the fall. Earth teach me courage as the tree which stands all alone. Earth teach me regeneration as the seed which rises in the spring.
I tend to stay up late, not because I'm partying but because it's the only time of the day when I'm alone and don't have to be performing.
Woman is fine for her own satisfaction alone. No man will admire her the more, no woman will like her the better for it. Neatness and fashion are enough for the former, and a something of shabbiness or impropriety will be most endearing to the latter.
To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee, One clover, and a bee, And revery. The revery alone will do, If bees are few.
Being an actor is the loneliest thing in the world. You are all alone with your concentration and imagination, and that's all you have.
As human beings, we need to know that we are not alone, that we are not crazy or completely out of our minds, that there are other people out there who feel as we do, live as we do, love as we do, who are like us.
Wisdom comes alone through suffering.
Children, dear and loving children, can alone console a woman for the loss of her beauty.
A great source of calamity lies in regret and anticipation therefore a person is wise who thinks of the present alone, regardless of the past or future.
One ever feels his twoness - an American, a Negro two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.
The foolish and the dead alone never change their opinions.
Human beings should be held accountable. Leave God alone. He has enough problems.
A well-instructed people alone can be permanently a free people.
Success comes when people act together failure tends to happen alone.
The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary men alone are quite capable of every wickedness.
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator.
Take a course in good water and air and in the eternal youth of Nature you may renew your own. Go quietly, alone no harm will befall you.
My mother was a professional sick person she took a lot of pain pills. There are many people like that. It's just how they are used to getting attention. I always remember she's the daughter of alcoholics who'd leave her alone at Christmas time.
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control these three alone lead one to sovereign power.
Thank you for leaving us alone but giving us enough attention to boost our egos.
The two operations of our understanding, intuition and deduction, on which alone we have said we must rely in the acquisition of knowledge.
Better be alone than in bad company.
All species capable of grasping this fact manage better in the struggle for existence than those which rely upon their own strength alone: the wolf, which hunts in a pack, has a greater chance of survival than the lion, which hunts alone.
On stage I make love to twenty five thousand people and then I go home alone.
Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.
The man of genius is he and he alone who finds such joy in his art that he will work at it come hell or high water.
The light of lights looks always on the motive, not the deed, the shadow of shadows on the deed alone.
Then stirs the feeling infinite, so felt In solitude, where we are least alone.
Change alone is unchanging.
I'm not alone, I'm free. I no longer have to be a credit, I don't have to be a symbol to anybody I don't have to be a first to anybody.
Plant and your spouse plants with you weed and you weed alone.
The happiness of one's own heart alone cannot satisfy the soul one must try to include, as necessary to one's own happiness, the happiness of others.
I had a very happy childhood, but I wasn't that happy a child. I liked being alone and creating characters and voices. I think that's when your creativity is developed, when you're young. I liked the world of the imagination because it was an easy place to go to.
The true and solid peace of nations consists not in equality of arms, but in mutual trust alone.
Recommend to your children virtue that alone can make them happy, not gold.
I'm a happy man, because I am successful in what I do, of course but what makes me most happy is I have people around me that I love and who love me back. This, for me, is the most important thing. Nobody likes to be alone.
True thoughts are those alone which do not understand themselves.
No harm comes to man from outside alone: dumbness is the objective spirit.
I have nothing to hide in art. The initial force alone can bring anyone to the end he must attain.
We're all in this alone.
When they are alone they want to be with others, and when they are with others they want to be alone. After all, human beings are like that.
This avidity alone, of acquiring goods and possessions for ourselves and our nearest friends, is insatiable, perpetual, universal, and directly destructive of society.
If I want to be alone, some place I can write, I can read, I can pray, I can cry, I can do whatever I want - I go to the bathroom.
It's motive alone which gives character to the actions of men.
I love clothes, but I don't know what to put on myself, let alone others. I have a lot of help getting dressed.
I know what men want. Men want to be really, really close to someone who will leave them alone.
Sometimes, when I'm alone, I put on six inch heels and wear nothing else and dance around in front of the mirror and do my little stripper dance.
If I'm alone too long I think too much, and I'm not interested in doing that. That won't lead anywhere good, I'm sure. If I'm busy I tend to stay out of trouble. An idle mind is the devil's playground.
Probably only an art-worlder like me could assign deeper meaning to something as simple and silly as Tebowing. But, to us, anytime people repeat a stance or a little dance, alone or together, we see that it can mean something. Imagistic and unspoken language is our thing.
The only time I commit to conspiracy theories is when something way retarded happens. Like Lee Harvey Oswald acting alone.
A task becomes a duty from the moment you suspect it to be an essential part of that integrity which alone entitles a man to assume responsibility.
Getting through the nights is the toughest part. Being alone. Not having her there to talk to.
Slump, and the world slumps with you. Push, and you push alone.
We are so bound together that no man can labor for himself alone. Each blow he strikes in his own behalf helps to mold the universe.
I think it's interesting that 'cologne' rhymes with 'alone.'
Your experiences will be yours alone. But truth and best friendship will rarely if ever disappoint you.
Another thing I like to do is sit back and take in nature. To look at the birds, listen to their singing, go hiking, camping and jogging and running, walking along the beach, playing games and sometimes being alone with the great outdoors. It's very special to me.
When I was producing on my own, I was doing it in order to - in a very patriarchal entertainment industry, let alone planet - very much hell-bent on trying to prove to myself, if nothing else, that I could do it as a woman.
I was always such a people-watcher. I would sit on street corners alone and watch people and make up stories about them in my head. Then, all of a sudden, I was the one being watched.
Fear of serious injury alone cannot justify oppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears.
Education alone can conduct us to that enjoyment which is, at once, best in quality and infinite in quantity.
I have the handicap of being born with a special language to which I alone have the key.
We all get stuck. We all lose ourselves a little bit in a fantasy or in our jobs and forget how we feel about other things. It's really important to check yourself, to spend some time alone.
Is it not by love alone that we succeed in penetrating to the very essence of being?
India is the meeting place of the religions and among these Hinduism alone is by itself a vast and complex thing, not so much a religion as a great diversified and yet subtly unified mass of spiritual thought, realization and aspiration.
The strong man is strongest when alone.
We were alone. Where, I could not say, hardly imagine. All was black, and such a dense black that, after some minutes, my eyes had not been able to discern even the faintest glimmer.
A man is never completely alone in this world. At the worst, he has the company of a boy, a youth, and by and by a grown man - the one he used to be.
I was passionate. I found something that I loved. I could be all alone in a big old skating rink and nobody could get near me and I didn't have to talk to anybody because of my shyness. It was great. I was in my fantasy world.
To stand up on a stage alone with an acoustic guitar requires bravery bordering on heroism. Bordering on insanity.
I'm a teenager, but I'm independent - I have my own apartment, I have my own life. And I think I have learned more than any of those teenagers have in school. I learned to be responsible, leaving my family and coming here alone.
Offspring, the due performance on religious rites, faithful service, highest conjugal happiness and heavenly bliss for the ancestors and oneself, depend on one's wife alone.
Look at the Afghans, during the time of the Soviet invasion. They were among the poorest Muslims in the world, yet they were sustained by their faith in God, and God alone.
Testing oneself is best when done alone.
Had the United States and the United Kingdom gone on alone to capture Baghdad, under the provisions of the Geneva and Hague conventions we would have been considered occupying powers and therefore would have been responsible for all the costs of maintaining or restoring government, education and other services for the people of Iraq.
Now suddenly there was nothing but a world of cloud, and we three were there alone in the middle of a great white plain with snowy hills and mountains staring at us and it was very still but there were whispers.
Look, if I were alone in the world, I would have the right to choose despair, solitude and self-fulfillment. But I am not alone.
For me, growing up, the downside of it was that as a kid you don't want to stand out. You don't want to have a famous father let alone get a job because of your famous father, you know? But I'm a product of nepotism. That's how I got my foot in the door, through my dad.
While the resurrection promises us a new and perfect life in the future, God loves us too much to leave us alone to contend with the pain, guilt and loneliness of our present life.
The most terrifying thing I can think of is being alone - and I mean utterly alone, like no one else in the world alone - at night. That's the nucleus of the first story in my collection and it's also where the title came from for the book.
No one ever said on their deathbed, 'Gee, I wish I had spent more time alone with my computer'.
Love alone could waken love.
I never did anything alone. Whatever was accomplished in this country was accomplished collectively.
There's a lot of people out there who go through hard times, and they feel alone. They feel like nobody is there. But I'm in the same boat.
I need, absolutely, to be alone.
If Galileo had said in verse that the world moved, the inquisition might have let him alone.
Even if I have to stand alone, I will not be afraid to stand alone. I'm going to fight for you. I'm going to fight for what's right. I'm going to fight to hold people accountable.
I have an internal protectiveness where it's like, if it comes to just me, as frightened as I am of losing someone I love or things going sour or simply being alone, there is a dark place in my brain where I'm like, It could happen and I'm okay, I'm prepared.
I live alone, with cats, books, pictures, fresh vegetables to cook, the garden, the hens to feed.
Alone I'm nothing.
I have a huge, active imagination, and I think I'm really scared of being alone because if I'm left to my own devices, I'll just turn into a madwoman.
I don't like being in houses alone.
Our world is so glutted with useless information, images, useless images, sounds, all this sort of thing. It's a cacophony, it's like a madness I think that's been happening in the past twenty-five years. And I think anything that can help a person sit in a room alone and not worry about it is good.
Happiness is spiritual, born of truth and love. It is unselfish therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it.
You could say, in a vulgar Freudian way, that I am the unhappy child who escapes into books. Even as a child, I was most happy being alone. This has not changed.
Can anyone understand how it is to have lived in the White House and then, suddenly, to be living alone as the President's widow?
I'm very shy really. I spend a lot of time in my room alone reading or writing or watching television.
I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britain's success - so for me there's no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation.
Comics, for me, is being able to sing alone in the shower. I find it freeing. You just pick up a pen and get to it.
If I was writing songs just for me I'd only play them in my living room, alone.
The principal contributor to loneliness in this country is television. What happens is that the family 'gets together' alone.
You have to have enough respect for other human beings to leave their lives alone. If you admire that life, build it for yourself. Don't just try to come in and take somebody else's life.
Life's an awfully lonesome affair. You come into the world alone and you go out of the world alone yet it seems to me you are more alone while living than even going and coming.
Friends are very important to me, and I have always had many of them. There are probably many reasons why this is so, but two seem to me more valid than any of the others I am a naturally friendly person, and I hate to be alone.
The prospect of success in achieving our most cherished dream is not without its terrors. Who is more deprived and alone than the man who has achieved his dream?
It is clear that not in one thing alone, but in many ways equality and freedom of speech are a good thing.
Mass transportation is doomed to failure in North America because a person's car is the only place where he can be alone and think.
The majority does not rule in America, but the minority shouldn't hijack it. And it's because we're afraid. They have isolated us and made us feel as though we're alone. We're not.
Belief is nothing but a more vivid, lively, forcible, firm, steady conception of an object, than what the imagination alone is ever able to attain.
You can't walk alone. Many have given the illusion, but none have really walked alone. Man is not made that way. Each man is bedded in his people, their history, their culture, and their values.
The primary distinction of the artist is that he must actively cultivate that state which most men, necessarily, must avoid the state of being alone.
I've always had a huge fear of dying or becoming ill. The thing I'm most afraid of, though, is being alone, which I think a lot of performers fear. It's why we seek the limelight - so we're not alone, were adored. We're loved, so people want to be around us. The fear of being alone drives my life.
We can recognize the dawn and the decline of love by the uneasiness we feel when alone together.
We neither laugh alone, nor weep alone, why then should we pray alone?
Where I come from, it was a heresy to say you wanted to be in movies, leave alone American movies.
Man does not live by words alone, despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them.
Journalists do not live by words alone, although sometimes they have to eat them.
But there comes a moment in everybody's life when he must decide whether he'll live among the human beings or not - a fool among fools or a fool alone.
All we ask is to be let alone.
I can't really define it in sexual terms alone although our sexuality is so energizing why not enjoy it too?
As strong as the United States is, we can't deal with terrorism alone.
I love my friends and family, but I also love it when they can't find me and I can spend all day reading or walking all alone, in silence, eight thousand miles away from everyone. All alone and unreachable in a foreign country is one my most favorite possible things to be.
Work alone will efface the footsteps of work.
A steady patriot of the world alone, The friend of every country but his own.
I get a friend to travel with me... I need somebody to bring me back to who I am. It's hard to be alone.
The average Nigerian person has come to reconcile himself with the fact that his or her social progress remain essentially in his or her hands in collaboration with other fellow Nigerians and not merely relying on what government alone could provide for him or her.
I have never been able to grasp the meaning of time. I don't believe it exists. I've felt this again and again, when alone and out in nature. On such occasions, time does not exist. Nor does the future exist.
And what's more I've got no need for anyone to tell me how to do it. I am not interested. You act how you want to and leave me alone to do my own thing.
No one else can take risks for us, or face our losses on our behalf, or give us self-esteem. No one can spare us from life's slings and arrows, and when death comes, we meet it alone.
I don't like to work with assistants. I'm already one too many the camera alone would be enough.
I want to be alone and work until the day my heads hits the drawing table and I'm dead. Kaput. I feel very much like I want to be with my brother and sister again. They're nowhere. I know they're nowhere and they don't exist, but if nowhere means that's where they are, that's where I want to be.
Simply by not owning three medium-sized castles in Tuscany I have saved enough money in the last forty years on insurance premiums alone to buy a medium-sized castle in Tuscany.
Men, even when alone, lighten their labors by song, however rude it may be.
I once had a boyfriend who couldn't write unless he was wearing a necktie and a dress shirt, which I thought was really weird, because this was a long time ago, and no one I knew ever wore dress shirts, let alone neckties it was like he was a grown-up reenacter or something.
When we dream alone it is only a dream, but when many dream together it is the beginning of a new reality.
Unhappy, let alone angry, religious people provide more persuasive arguments for atheism and secularism than do all the arguments of atheists.
If the First Amendment means anything, it means that a state has no business telling a man, sitting alone in his house, what books he may read or what films he may watch.
The history of philosophy is not, like the history of the sciences, to be studied with the intellect alone. That which is receptive in us and that which impinges upon us from history is the reality of man's being, unfolding itself in thought.
I'm a dad, and I no longer see a way for my kids to even inherit the money that I'm making, let alone go out there, have an idea, and create it in their own lifetime.
It's kind of awkward to eat alone in a restaurant because everybody's looking at me.
Be able to live alone, even if you don't want to and think you will never find it necessary.
The age in which we live, this non-stop distraction, is making it more impossible for the young generation to ever have the curiosity or discipline... because you need to be alone to find out anything.
I think more and more people want to live alone. You can be a couple without being in each other's pockets. I don't see why you have to share the same bathroom.
After all my various relationships I find myself now home alone.
Deliberation is the work of many men. Action, of one alone.
Worse there cannot be a better, I believe, there may be, by giving energy to the capital and skill of the country to produce exports, by increasing which, alone, can we flatter ourselves with the prospect of finding employment for that part of our population now unemployed.
War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it.
I never knew I'd be in a musical, let alone win an award for one.
Happy the man, and happy he alone, he who can call today his own he who, secure within, can say, tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today.
For the last third of life there remains only work. It alone is always stimulating, rejuvenating, exciting and satisfying.
I got a lot of problems, but I'm really good at intuiting what I need to do to be happy with whatever I create. I know when to stop myself, I know when to start, I know when to leave something alone. I guess I just kind of indulge that completely, and so I just take my time.
It's important for moms to have alone time. However, that's the first thing that goes on a busy day. Fortunately for me, because of my job, I have to find the time to do it. At least that's the way my mind sees it.
We cannot remember too often that when we observe nature, and especially the ordering of nature, it is always ourselves alone we are observing.
Photography, alone of the arts, seems perfected to serve the desire humans have for a moment - this very moment - to stay.
In Turkey, you're not allowed to be left alone in the hospital. The nurse teaches the family how to do things, and somebody is always there with the patient.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is a reality.
Death is the mother of Beauty hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires.
In Sleep we lie all naked and alone, in Sleep we are united at the heart of night and darkness, and we are strange and beautiful asleep for we are dying the darkness and we know no death.
Schizophrenia beats dining alone.
When one by one our ties are torn, and friend from friend is snatched forlorn when man is left alone to mourn, oh! then how sweet it is to die!
When I get into bed at night, I hope I don't get into it alone!
You need a whole community to raise a child. I have raised two children, alone.
An American, a Negro... two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.
Weird people follow you in the streets, you can't sit alone in a restaurant or a cafe and read a book in peace, and I think everybody values those moments of being alone.
It may, however, be said that the level of experience to which concepts are inapplicable cannot yield any knowledge of a universal character, for concepts alone are capable of being socialized.
Inductive reason, which alone makes man master of his environment, is an achievement and when once born it must be reinforced by inhibiting the growth of other modes of knowledge.
I'm so accustomed to being alone.
When I'm alone, I work sometimes with music, sometimes without and sometimes just listening to NPR.
A country is made not by policy alone, but by its music, its entertainment shows, all of it.
I thought about how we need to make children feel that there are times in their lives when they need to be alone and quiet and to be able to accept their aloneness.
I think about dying. I've come to realize we all die alone in one way or another.
Because for whatever reason, even though I want to stay home all the time and be left alone, I want to tell the world who I am now.
I love the solitude of being on a plane and finally getting to read an entire book and being left alone.
I don't think I ever got the hang of the writers' room. I love collaborating with people, but I really do my best work alone, and I think I would want to - if I did something again, I think I'd want to take total ownership the way Aaron Sorkin or David Kelley does.
Fear of error which everything recalls to me at every moment of the flight of my ideas, this mania for control, makes men prefer reason's imagination to the imagination of the senses. And yet it is always the imagination alone which is at work.
Work, apart from devotion or love of God, is helpless and cannot stand alone.
I was never less alone than when by myself.
The attempt to devote oneself to literature alone is a most deceptive thing, and often, paradoxically, it is literature that suffers for it.
Our future cannot depend on the government alone. The ultimate solutions lie in the attitudes and the actions of the American people.
People talk about the conscience, but it seems to me one must just bring it up to a certain point and leave it there. You can let your conscience alone if you're nice to the second housemaid.
Palin was a political Hail Mary, a long bomb in the closing minutes of a game that John McCain and Co. were certain to lose. They didn't care if she had the policy or political or emotional capacity to serve as vice president, let alone president. They were willing to drive the country off a cliff, if that's what it took to win.
This, and this alone, is Christianity, a universal holiness in every part of life, a heavenly wisdom in all our actions, not conforming to the spirit and temper of the world but turning all worldly enjoyments into means of piety and devotion to God.
The Fuhrer alone is the present and future German reality and its law. Learn to know ever more deeply: from now on every single thing demands decision, and every action responsibility.
Fail I alone, in words and deeds? Why, all men strive and who succeeds?
Finds progress, man's distinctive mark alone, Not God's, and not the beast's God is, they are, Man partly is, and wholly hopes to be.
Liberal that I am, I support health-care reform on its merits alone. My liberal blood boils, for example, when I read that half of the personal bankruptcies in this country are brought on, in part, by medical expenses.
I don't think nationalism is alone holding the field it's in contention with a lot of different things.
I am alone, some people help me, but, basically, I can do what I want.
I mean, I don't think I'm alone when I look at the homeless person or the bum or the psychotic or the drunk or the drug addict or the criminal and see their baby pictures in my mind's eye. You don't think they were cute like every other baby?
It is the unknown that excites the ardor of scholars, who, in the known alone, would shrivel up with boredom.
Most high courts in other nations do not have discretion, such as we enjoy, in selecting the cases that the high court reviews. Our court is virtually alone in the amount of discretion it has.
Yes, I will bring the understanding of a woman to the Court, but I doubt that alone will affect my decisions.
With production alone as the goal, industry in North America was dominated by the assembly line, standardization for mass consumption.
The music industry is a strange combination of having real and intangible assets: pop bands are brand names in themselves, and at a given stage in their careers their name alone can practically gaurantee hit records.
It would do the world good if every man would compel himself occasionally to be absolutely alone. Most of the world s progress has come out of such loneliness.
And if you don't believe the sun will rise, stand alone and greet the coming night in the last remaining light.
A celibate, like the fly in the heart of an apple, dwells in a perpetual sweetness, but sits alone, and is confined and dies in singularity.
He alone is free who lives with free consent under the entire guidance of reason.
Only that thing is free which exists by the necessities of its own nature, and is determined in its actions by itself alone.
Wisdom alone is true ambition's aim, wisdom is the source of virtue and of fame obtained with labour, for mankind employed, and then, when most you share it, best enjoyed.
My contribution I hope is to get people to eat full-flavored food. If I could come away with that alone, that would be a fantastic accomplishment. I'm also very proud of being a very American chef.
But no nation can base its survival and development on luck and prayers alone while its leadership fritters away every available opportunity for success and concrete achievement.
Solitude is strength to depend on the presence of the crowd is weakness. The man who needs a mob to nerve him is much more alone than he imagines.
He was thinking alone, and seriously racking his brain to find a direction for this single force four times multiplied, with which he did not doubt, as with the lever for which Archimedes sought, they should succeed in moving the world, when some one tapped gently at his door.
When I decided to be a singer, my mother warned me I'd be alone a lot. Basically we all are.
And remember don't high post when you're far from home, and high posting when you're all alone.
Go on thinking that you don't need to be read and you'll find that it may become quite true: no one will feel the need tom read it because it is written for yourself alone and the public won't feel any impulse to gate crash such a private party.
Being alone is scarier than any boogey man and the reason why I don't choose to see Horror movies as a rule.
I have been alone since my husband died. I stay in my home. I don't date. It's hard to date when you're at home. Nobody knows you.
I'd like to state that Spike Lee is not saying that African American culture is just for black people alone to enjoy and cherish. Culture is for everybody.
Once a disease has entered the body, all parts which are healthy must fight it: not one alone, but all. Because a disease might mean their common death. Nature knows this and Nature attacks the disease with whatever help she can muster.
The progress of evolution from President Washington to President Grant was alone evidence to upset Darwin.
I'm the most gregarious of men and love good company, but never less alone when alone.
The daily act of writing remains as demanding and maddening as it was before, and the pleasure you get from writing - rare but profound - remains at the true heart of the enterprise. On their best days, writers all over the world are winning Pulitzers, all alone in their studios, with no one watching.
Costumes and scenery alone will not attract audiences.
There are times when the only access I have to the truest person that I am is when I'm alone and trying to solve a sentence. It's exciting, even when it's frustrating, even when I can't do it right.
Well, I'm not a member of the permanent political establishment, and I've learned quickly these last few days that if you're not a member in good standing of the Washington elite, then some in the media consider a candidate unqualified for that reason alone.
Successful crimes alone are justified.
Reason is a crutch for age, but youth is strong enough to walk alone.
Volume depends precisely on the writer's having been able to sit in a room every day, year after year, alone.
Still, intuitive assumptions about behavior is only the starting point of systematic analysis, for alone they do not yield many interesting implications.
The writer is all alone.
If you write a novel alone you sit and you weave a little narrative. And it's O.K., but it's of no account.
There is no end to the violations committed by children on children, quietly talking alone.
Never to lie is to have no lock on your door, you are never wholly alone.
Muslims must believe that all power, success and victory comes from God alone.
If man knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.
I don't like being alone.
That we find a crystal or a poppy beautiful means that we are less alone, that we are more deeply inserted into existence than the course of a single life would lead us to believe.
Others indeed may talk, and write, and fight about liberty, and make an outward pretence to it but the free-thinker alone is truly free.
Writers may be disreputable, incorrigible, early to decay or late to bloom but they dare to go it alone.
I love my government not least for the extent to which it leaves me alone.
For every quarrel a man and wife have before others, they have a hundred when alone.
I'm not someone who likes to have my picture taken, let alone see it plastered all over the place.
Benevolence alone will not make a teacher, nor will learning alone do it. The gift of teaching is a peculiar talent, and implies a need and a craving in the teacher himself.
It's important to say that actors can't act alone, it's impossible. What we have to do is support each other.
In the laughing times we know that we are lucky, and in the quiet times we know that we are blessed. And we will not be alone.
The flesh endures the storms of the present alone the mind, those of the past and future as well as the present. Gluttony is a lust of the mind.
Every animal leaves traces of what it was man alone leaves traces of what he created.
The only way to get gay issues off the front pages of Canadian newspapers is to grant gay and lesbian people our full civil equality and leave it alone.
I do not come bearing a party label on my sleeve - or a quick fix in my back pocket. I do not come with a rigid ideology in my heart - or a soul that tells me to go it alone. I do not come to uproot tradition - or to be imprisoned by it.
I'm a grown woman and sometimes, I might be a little fat, you know? Am I alone there? Not really.
We talk a lot on 'Biggest Loser' about how fitness is a natural antidepressant, how it burns off stress. What I like about running is that it gives me time alone. I'm always busy, with people at work, with my kids. I love getting out for a run by myself and just listening to my music.
Britain, relative to the U.S., is a highly secular society. Philanthropy alone cannot fill the gap left by government cutbacks. And the sources of altruism go deep into our evolutionary past.
As a young man, even if I was going to see a play or a film by myself, I didn't feel like I was alone. There was something that was unfolding up there that brought me into it. And I recognised that. For those two hours, it made me feel like I belonged to something really good.
Solitude, though it may be silent as light, is like light, the mightiest of agencies for solitude is essential to man. All men come into this world alone and leave it alone.
Most of these people who are celebrities now don't do anything to deserve it, so by that fact alone, I don't want to be one.
Men don't even ask me out. I can't remember the last time I was asked out on a date, and I'm talking years here. I spend my life more and more alone.
I couldn't even go to the bathroom alone. My mother or a social worker always went with me.
I wrote and produced millions and millions of selling records, so my publishing company alone was worth millions of dollars. I didn't have to work anymore in life because when the rappers started sampling... I'm the most sampled artist in history.
I'm not at the point where I'd feel safe in a house alone. I would be really scared. I'm the kind of person that when I get up to go use the bathroom I have this big long hallway, and I just know someone's going to jump out and get me.
To be adult is to be alone.
I'm not a rock star. Sure I am, to a certain extent because of the situation, but when kids ask me how it feels to be a rock star, I say leave me alone, I'm not a rock star. I'm not in it for the fame, I'm in it because I like to play.
I may be alone in this, but I do sense the power of film, in that movies have the ability to literally change people's minds. That's pretty powerful stuff when you consider that.
The thing I like about baseball is that it's one-on-one. You stand up there alone, and if you make a mistake, it's your mistake. If you hit a home run, it's your home run.
Perhaps our own opposition to even the level of European integration we have now, let alone any more, is well known.
My learning process is by eye alone it's not at all scientific.
As a child, I wanted only two things - to be left alone to read my library books, and to get away from my provincial hometown and go to London to be a writer. And I always knew that when I got there, I wanted to make loads of money.
Surely being a Professional Beauty - let alone an ageing one - is one of the most insecure and doomed careers imaginable.
But we cannot rely on memorials and museums alone. We can tell ourselves we will never forget and we likely won't. But we need to make sure that we teach history to those who never had the opportunity to remember in the first place.
I feel so good after a workout. Any time you can be alone with yourself is really important.
I tried acupuncture, the patch, and hypnosis, but found that I needed to do it alone - when the time was right for me.
I think sometimes if you are alone, you are freer because your time is your own.
One person alone can't do anything as important as bringing genuine democracy to a country.
No one should be left to suffer alone.
When you work alone, you need to socialize at some level.
I must try and break through the cliches about Latin America. Superpowers and other outsiders have fought over us for centuries in ways that have nothing to do with our problems. In reality we are all alone.
The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedoms.
Making checklists of things you're looking for in a person is the numero uno thing you can do to guarantee you'll be alone forever.
I'm a very brave person. I can go to North Vietnam, I can challenge my government, but I can't challenge the man I'm with if means I'm going to end up alone.
When the traveler goes alone he gets acquainted with himself.
At the root of the shy temperament is a deep fear of social judgment, one so severe it can sometimes be crippling. Introverted people don't worry unduly about whether they'll be found wanting, they just find too much socializing exhausting and would prefer either to be alone or in the company of a select few people.
Virtue alone has majesty in death.
Probably nothing serious or worthwhile can be accomplished without one's willingness to be alone for sustained periods of time, which is not to say that one must live alone, obsessively.
I'm fiercely independent, but I'm also terrified of being alone.
As a child, I had to get up early for school or work. I'd get ready by myself. I'd set my alarm to wake me up very early in the morning, and be off to work, the family driver driving me every morning. I did it alone, my parents never coming in to wake me up.
It is eerie being all but alone in Westminster Abbey. Without the tourists, there are only the dead, many of them kings and queens. They speak powerfully and put my thoughts into vivid perspective.
Let me alone, and go in search of someone else.
Life is only a long and bitter suicide, and faith alone can transform this suicide into a sacrifice.
For so long as the Jew has even one ally, he will be convinced - in his smallness of mind - that his salvation came from that ally. It is only when he is alone - against all of his own efforts and frantic attempts - that he will, through no choice, be compelled to turn to G-d.
But it seems that the judging maybe they shouldn't at least see the practices all week long. That can taint the way they go into the judging and the outlook of what's going to happen, instead of just watching those four minutes and judging on those minutes alone.
No one chooses to raise children alone.
I'm not saying that there's anything better than mated bliss at its best, but I'm saying that living alone is as good in its own way. But we haven't quite given ourselves permission to recognize that.
It was either Voltaire or Charlie Sheen who said, 'We are born alone. We live alone. We die alone. And anything in between that can give us the illusion that we're not, we cling to.'
Most bands don't even last fourteen months let alone fourteen years.
I was very happy sitting alone at a dining room table, writing a script.
It's an amazing feeling to go into a studio and really be alone.
Not drunk is he who from the floor - Can rise alone and still drink more But drunk is They, who prostrate lies, Without the power to drink or rise.
Whatever my individual desires were to be free, I was not alone. There were many others who felt the same way.
I'm never less at leisure than when at leisure, or less alone than when alone.
I'm ultimately a widow and a single mother, who's not even getting to be a mother right now. I am so alone, it's freaky.
I have my best ideas when I am alone.
I learned why 'out riding alone' is an oxymoron: An equestrian is never alone, is always sensing the other being, the mysterious but also understandable living being that is the horse.
When I walked to school in the mornings I would start out alone but would pick up four other boys along the way. We would set out together after school across the village green.
I'm not into watching stuff I did last week, let alone three or four years ago.
The accumulation of skill and science which has been directed to diminish the difficulty of producing manufactured goods, has not been beneficial to that country alone in which it is concentrated distant kingdoms have participated in its advantages.
Photography can never grow up if it imitates some other medium. It has to walk alone it has to be itself.
Postmodernism surely requires an even greater grasp of symbolism, as it's increasingly an art of gesture alone.
I try to push ideas away, and the ones that will not leave me alone are the ones that ultimately end up happening.
Writing is a solitary occupation. Family, friends, and society are the natural enemies of the writer. He must be alone, uninterrupted, and slightly savage if he is to sustain and complete an undertaking.
I'm a workaholic. Before long I'm traveling on my nervous energy alone. This is incredibly exhausting.
I had to weave and play around with a honey bear, you know, and I could wrestle with him a little bit, but there's no way you can even wrestle a honey bear, let alone a grizzly bear that's standing ten feet to eleven feet tall! Can you imagine? But it was fascinating to work that close to that kind of animal.
Women are smart in business and dumb in love. They won't date outside their zip code, let alone outside the city. They are city snobs.
However, anyone to whom this happens should not leave his room upon awakening, should speak to no-one, but remain alone and sober until everything comes back to him, and he recalls the dream.
I was a little doubtful about the propriety of going to the Mammoth Cave without a gentleman escort, but if two ladies travel alone they must have the courage of men.
You can work on the saxophone alone, but ultimately you must perform with others.
I'm really lucky that my record companies have been patient with me and leave me alone and give me the time to make it right in my mind.
I think sometimes all you need is to hear someone else say the same thing that you're going through to realize that you're not alone. I try to put some sense of hope into the songs, into whatever the situation is so that it's not just dirt, drudgery and a life of misery.
It's only when you're alone that you realize where you are. You have nothing to fall back on except your own resources.
The best part about being with a group is that you don't have to do everything alone. You're with your friends.
In a civilized society, all crimes are likely to be sins, but most sins are not and ought not to be treated as crimes. Man's ultimate responsibility is to God alone.
People love pretty much the same things best. A writer looking for subjects inquires not after what he loves best, but after what he alone loves at all.
Buddhism notes that it is always a mistake to think your soul can go it alone.
Good acting is all in the writing. If it isn't on the page, then it really won't make any difference. You cannot act on force of personality alone.
I just broke up with my boyfriend, and I've been spending more time alone than I'd like.
I live to hail that season by gifted one foretold, when men shall live by reason, and not alone by gold.
Man cannot live by incompetence alone.
The power of a book lies in its power to turn a solitary act into a shared vision. As long as we have books, we are not alone.
With fame there is a crosswire between intensity and intimacy. You have decoy intimacy, but you are also very much alone.
Do not rely completely on any other human being, however dear. We meet all life's greatest tests alone.
In the country of pain we are each alone.
People like eccentrics. Therefore they will leave me alone, saying that I am a mad clown.
If you would have your son to walk honourably through the world, you must not attempt to clear the stones from his path, but teach him to walk firmly over them - not insist upon leading him by the hand, but let him learn to go alone.
All still lifes are actually paintings of the world on the sixth day of creation, when God and the world were alone together, without man!
I'm a huge Wes Anderson fan I would faint if I met him, let alone got to work with him.
Forbidden pleasures alone are loved immoderately when lawful, they do not excite desire.
As regards parents, I should like to see them as highly educated as possible, and I do not restrict this remark to fathers alone.
Government alone cannot solve the problems we deal with in our correctional facilities, treatment centers, homeless shelters and crisis centers - we need our faith-based and community partners.
Whoever wants to know something about me - as an artist which alone is significant - they should look attentively at my pictures and there seek to recognise what I am and what I want.
Let your mind alone, and see what happens.
I rise to taste the dawn, and find that love alone will shine today.
If men knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.
Americans different in some maybe thoughts or emphasis still have the same ideas. They want a government that lets them be free, that leaves them alone, that doesn't interrupt and interfere with every aspect of their life, that lets them go to work and keep more of what they've worked hard to have.
A good government may, indeed, redress the grievances of an injured people but a strong people can alone build up a great nation.
I would point out that I'm an actress for a reason! If I were popular in high school, I would have considered another career because I wouldn't have been alone in my room, making up other characters for myself. I definitely had growing pains. The popular kids didn't want anything to do with the girl who was starting the drama club.
Some players you pat their butts, some players you kick their butts, some players you leave alone.
My overcoat is worn out my shirts also are worn out. And I ask to be allowed to have a lamp in the evening it is indeed wearisome sitting alone in the dark.
As for style, there is something about the way musicians dress-they seem to be able to create their own world within their fashion alone.
One definition of eternity is that we are not alone on this planet, that there are those who've gone before and those who will come, and that there is a community of spirits.
I think Mr. Wilson will have to be the rest of the way alone.
In art, all who have done something other than their predecessors have merited the epithet of revolutionary and it is they alone who are masters.
In truth, I am a single mother. But I don't feel alone at all in parenting my daughter. Krishna has a whole other side of her family who loves her, too. And so Krishna is parented by me, but also by her grandmother and aunts and cousins and uncles and friends.
No one can arrive from being talented alone, work transforms talent into genius.
Style used to be an interaction between the human soul and tools that were limiting. In the digital era, it will have to come from the soul alone.
What does it mean to not be alone? I've approached that question through music, technology, writing and other means.
I understand and get when kids and teenagers feel like they're alone and it's not going to get better. My advice is that there is a support system out there, there are a lot of people who have been through what you're going through and are going through it now.
No enterprise, small or large, public or private, can remain self-governing, let alone successful, so deeply in hock to others as we are about to be.
The methods by which a trade union can alone act, are necessarily destructive its organization is necessarily tyrannical.
Our country will, I believe, sooner forgive an officer for attacking an enemy than for letting it alone.
To share our stories is not only a worthwhile endeavor for the storyteller, but for those who hear our stories and feel less alone because of it.
The English Bible - a book which, if everything else in our language should perish, would alone suffice to show the whole extent of its beauty and power.
The object of oratory alone in not truth, but persuasion.
The best rules to form a young man, are, to talk little, to hear much, to reflect alone upon what has passed in company, to distrust one's own opinions, and value others that deserve it.
Science is analytical, descriptive, informative. Man does not live by bread alone, but by science he attempts to do so. Hence the deadliness of all that is purely scientific.
John Naisbitt
I think Jersey stands alone, and because I'm from Jersey, I never make fun of where people are from. I'll make fun of what they look like, but I'll never make fun of where they are from. Jersey is special.
I'm vulnerable to criticism. Any artist is, because you work alone in your studio and, until recently, critics were the only way you'd get any feedback.
I have tried to be a leader. I have tried in my role of being one of the first women at Google, let alone the first woman to have a baby, to really try to set the tone that this is a great place to work for diversity reasons.
To really be centered and to really work well and to think about the kinds of things that I need to think about, I need to spend large amounts of time alone.
Why has not anyone seen that fossils alone gave birth to a theory about the formation of the earth, that without them, no one would have ever dreamed that there were successive epochs in the formation of the globe.
I have always been very obsessed with time. Time's passage makes us all very vulnerable and because we all experience it in our own way, it can make us feel very alone.
Human beings do not live in the objective world alone, nor alone in the world of social activity as ordinarily understood, but are very much at the mercy of the particular language which has become the medium of expression for their society.
I very much wished not to be noticed, and to be left alone, and I sort of succeeded.
After I lost my fiance, it seemed like it would be better to always be alone than to risk being hurt again.
We enter the world alone, we leave the world alone.
I have a grim outlook on the world, and in particular on humanity. Spent years denying it, but I am very misanthropic. And I live alone on a mountain for a reason.
There is no one looking out for us. We are all alone.
Judaism is much more communal, and partly as a consequence of my religious switch, I am increasingly more suspicous of my previous view that what people do in the privacy of their own home is their business alone.
I'm throwing myself back in because I like being married. I don't want to end this whole fabulous journey alone. I want someone by my side who I love and who loves me. I've finally found somebody who's up to the task of being my wife, because I'm very high maintenance.
Having gone through so many of the personal things I've gone through, its about creating an (online) space for girls to be heard. I don't profess to have all the answers. But Ask Elizabeth is a space where girls are not alone.
The private interest of the individual would not be sufficiently provided for by reasonable and cool self-love alone therefore the appetites and passions are placed within as a guard and further security, without which it would not be taken due care of.
Men are beginning to realize that they are not individuals but persons in society, that man alone is weak and adrift, that he must seek strength in common action.
As much as I long for a sort of security and consistency sometimes, I do enjoy sort of being busted around. I really don't know what's happening sometimes next week, let alone this year.
For a while I felt very alone sort of out there in the world of comics, especially here in the States.
The U.S. cannot go it alone simply when it is convenient.
I would rather be alone and a loud voice for action than be silent.
But, if you observe children learning in their first few years of life, you can see that they can and do learn on their own - we leave them alone to crawl, walk, talk, and gain control over their bodies. It happens without much help from parents.
She can't even chew gum and walk in a straight line, let alone write a book.
That song is a story that shows how easily you could get slipped into being labeled as the bad guy, even though what you really trying to do is tell the bad guy to leave you alone.
No matter how fast I could do it with the digital camera I don't think I would get the same thing out of it. The passion I have for formulating an idea stands alone. It is the important essence of what I do.
Taste is the fundamental quality which sums up all the other qualities. It is the nec plus ultra of the intelligence. Through this alone is genius the supreme health and balance of all the faculties.
I think we need one recognized, respected public figure to make a tough, blunt statement on just what Reagan's record is and what he might do to the country, let alone the Republican Party before Christmas.
There is nothing like being left alone again, to walk peacefully with oneself in the woods. To boil one's coffee and fill one's pipe, and to think idly and slowly as one does it.
Hungary is, in a word, in a state of WAR against the Hapsburg dynasty, a war of legitimate defence, by which alone it can ever regain independence and freedom.
The power that is supported by force alone will have cause often to tremble.
Highly educated young people are tutored, taught and monitored in all aspects of their lives, except the most important, which is character building. When it comes to this, most universities leave them alone.
The Holy Spirit alone can do this, the Holy Spirit alone can establish this link with one's neighbor.
When I was working on Eye of the Beholder, I played a character who is so aloof that my whole lifestyle became very aloof. If someone knocked on my door, there was a part of me that went into a rage, because I wanted to be isolated and alone.
I have a responsibility to nurture and shepherd my talent and when I'm living the parts of my life not related to that I feel I have the right to be left alone.
Both my husband and I give a lot of ourselves in what we do because that is our public lives but in my private life, I have an intrinsic right to be left alone.
President Johnson did not want the Vietnam War to broaden. He wanted the North Vietnamese to leave their brothers in the South alone.
The writing is really hard. You're alone. It really pulls it out of you. You pull it out of your head. But when you're a director, you're shopping - you're picking this actor, you're picking this scene. It's like the most intense kinetic high-speed shopping of all time. You sit in a chair and it will all come rushing at you like a wind tunnel.
Looking back on those games, I probably hustled out of position as much as I hustled into position since I really never had any real training. I was working on instincts alone.
There's this thing of you can live in a city and be completely alone, not notice anything going on around you.
There are actually quite high profile British TV star cameos in it that you probably wouldn't even notice, that the British wouldn't even notice, let alone the American audience.
Scholarship was one thing, drudgery another. I very soon concluded that nothing would induce me to read, let alone make notes on, hundreds and hundreds of very, very, very boring books.
In our open society, we are inclined to give to the less fortunate for the pure goodness of giving. We open our home to those who are alone on this holiday to spread some warmth into the life of another.
I used to wonder if it was God's plan that I should be alone for so much of my life. But I found peace. I found happiness within people and the world.
Remember, the burden of sorrow is doubled when it is borne alone.
I don't like to produce albums. I hate producing albums, as a matter of fact, because I'm an obsessed mixer and I can't leave it alone.
You watch an old 'Jeopardy!' and the categories alone are very plain. 'Poetry,' or 'Movies,' or 'Physics.' If you watch it now, though, there'll be a theme board where the categories are all Hitchcock movies. Lots more jokes, lots more high-concept categories and questions.
He never is alone that is accompanied with noble thoughts.
Acquire the habit of speaking to God as if you were alone with Him, familiarly and with confidence and love, as to the dearest and most loving of friends.
We are ultimately alone in that we are ultimately responsible for ourselves.
Iran has long sponsored terrorists who carry out homicide bombings in Israeli cities. However, it is a mistake to believe the danger Iran poses is directed at Israel alone.
On the one hand, shopping is dependable: You can do it alone, if you lose your heart to something that is wrong for you, you can return it it's instant gratification and yet something you buy may well last for years.
That is, we believed, the supreme duty of the parent, who only was permitted to claim in some degree the priestly office and function, since it is his creative and protecting power which alone approaches the solemn function of Deity.
Israel is no longer a people that dwells alone, and has to join the global journey toward peace, reconciliation and international cooperation.
It can be kind of gruesome at times, making things alone.
It's necessary to start most work alone. But I'm tickled to death when I can pull somebody in or join someone, whether it's borrowing poetry or traveling with an associate.
I don't understand the Democrats' approach to Social Security in this country, and I'm not alone.
And I don't have any specific steps to take because I don't start the same way every time. But there is a knowing when it's enough and you can leave it alone.
I love photo sessions. I'm alone, I'm the queen, everyone's taking care of me.
The whole kiss-and-tell thing is a negative approach that often happens in a World Cup. We will see negative stories about the players and it can affect their confidence and the overall performance of the national team on the pitch, let alone the bid to actually stage the competition.
What We want is to make it possible for our unfortunate people to live a life of industry for it is by steady work alone that we hope for our physical and moral rehabilitation. For this reason above all we have undertaken to rally our people around our ideal.
If there's ever an example that military power alone cannot be successful in Afghanistan, I think it was the Soviet experience.
It is very frightening to feel alone when you are standing against a rich and powerful person and all his attendant helpers.
I think the Mother is gradually revealing itself to me and taking over. But it is not the Mother alone. It is the Mother and the Father, the male and the female, sort of gradually having their marriage.
When anything goes digital, let alone something as immaterial as a book, there is a tendency to see it as just in the air to be taken, and to lose the sense that somebody once made it.
There's a sense of aliveness that comes from connection, shared experience. And you see it in every place. You see it when ball players jump up and down, gather at home plate, hugging, and it's not just because they're winning, it's that shared moment, that feeling of - we enter the world alone, we leave alone.
Traditionally, Medicare's assurance has been that for the elderly and persons with disabilities that they will not be alone when confronted with the full burden of their health care costs.
I never thought a basketball shoe would be named after a woman, let alone me.
Always the aim for me is making people feel like they are not alone. That's just the greatest feeling.
Man, I hate to get depressing on you, but I don't have a game. I'm so alone, so depressed, so dark, no.
Strength alone knows conflict, weakness is born vanquished.
If you think spreading money around by force seems like an odd definition of fairness, you're not alone.
When you see a struggle that you may be having personally put on a big screen and in a roomful of people, then it makes you feel less crazy or alone, because you're seeing that other people are dealing with it too. You get to see in this imaginary scenario how people might try and answer some questions or deal with some problems.
It is my personality alone that has brought back the waltz and made it a global craze.
I have always had a sense that we are all pretty much alone in life, particularly in adolescence.
For people who are really talented, what you don't say becomes extremely important. You have to judge what to say and what to leave alone so you can let the talent develop.
Time and space - time to be alone, space to move about - these may well become the great scarcities of tomorrow.
We are never the same with others as when we are alone. We are different, even when we are in the dark with them.
You ask me if I will not be glad when the last battle is fought, so far as the country is concerned I, of course, must wish for peace, and will be glad when the war is ended, but if I answer for myself alone, I must say that I shall regret to see the war end.
I do read books. I suppose it's more or less the same thing, but at least I'm alone and I'm an individual. I can stop anytime I want, which I frequently do.
I've always been shocked and waiting-for-the-other-shoe-to-drop that a girl would ever talk to me, let alone want to marry me. They always seem to hold the power to me, and from my mother to my wife to my daughter, every time I try to really figure them out, and think I've got them pegged, I pay for it.
I talked about the barriers created by monopolies. I said that it was the role of government to break up these monopolies and that we couldn't do it alone.
Most photographers work best alone, myself included.
It proved easier to buy the farm to get the mineral rights than to buy the coal rights alone.
No matter how close to yours another's steps have grown, in the end there is one dance you'll do alone.
Absolute truth belongs to Thee alone.
Research and development needs permanent tax credits to build the technology that spurs our growth. But no government programs alone can get America's students to study more science and math parents must push and help their children to meet this goal.
The next thing I wrote was in a writing class at night school. It was about a poor woman who worked at a dime store and who was all alone for Christmas in Laurel, Mississippi.
My brother and Lauren are very close with me and they are in Sun Valley, so sometimes I need to go there and feel their presence. And there are times I need to see my bro' alone.
What's important is promising something to the people, not actually keeping those promises. The people have always lived on hope alone.
For a while I couldn't leave the house by myself. Even if I was just grocery shopping alone, I'd get self-conscious.
Words alone cannot fully convey the realities of the soul or the greatness of the human spirit.
Let there be no mistake. A gay man alone could never begin to replicate the inner workings of the female mind.
The great increase of our population throughout the Union will alone produce an important effect, and in no quarter will it be so sensibly felt as in those in contemplation.
Alone is a much better film than House of the Dead and better than most horror movies out today.
I think Alone in the Dark was too much an action creature movie than a horror creature movie.
When I'm online, I'm alone in a room, tapping on a keyboard, staring at a cathode-ray tube.
I like to have a massage therapist come to my house, get a massage, take a bath, go to bed. That's a perfect night alone for me.
I'm fortunate that I've been in this business long enough that I've earned the right to be left alone by my record company.
We are very anxious to bring the Jews of Morocco over and we are doing all we can to achieve this. But we cannot count on the Jews of Morocco alone to build the country, because they have not been educated for this.
When I work alone, it can be like dabbling with a canvas. Maybe you paint over bits, and it starts to form its own life and lead you off in a direction. It becomes an intuitive, subconscious process.
When I work alone, my process is like painting. With Fleetwood Mac, it's more like movie making.
Success doesn't necessarily come from breakthrough innovation but from flawless execution. A great strategy alone won't win a game or a battle the win comes from basic blocking and tackling.
Some people can sometimes really invade your space and kind of never leave you alone.
Now that I have found someone, I'm feeling more alone... than I ever have before.
Thus, the poet's word is beginning to strike forcefully upon the hearts of all men, while absolute men of letters think that they alone live in the real world.
If I lived alone, Mom'd never sleep because she wouldn't know I was okay.
I didn't need clothes. I was allowed the opportunity to act out moments you don't get the opportunity to experience in your own life, let alone as a character in a film. I didn't feel naked.
Say not that honor is the child of boldness, nor believe thou that the hazard of life alone can pay the price of it: it is not to the action that it is due, but to the manner of performing it.
Some of us may just, in one-on-one conversations with our family, with our friends, over the back fence with our neighbors, talk about the reality of our lives and realize that we're not alone, that we have a right to be physically safe and emotionally safe in our own homes.
Hiking is the best workout!... You can hike for three hours and not even realize you're working out. And, hiking alone lets me have some time to myself.
I can support going in after Saddam Hussein, but I want to make sure I don't go alone.
I spend my life essentially alone at a computer. That doesn't change. I have the same challenges every day.
For each one of us stands alone in the midst of a universe.
I have two ideas for novels at the moment, neither of them all that conventional, but I'm not ready to choose between them yet, let alone settle down to the process of writing.
You are forever alone.
I think the idea that you can go this alone is - was a huge mistake. And unfortunately, there was a price paid in terms of suffering and pain for people in New Orleans.
Your thoughts and emotions are yours alone.
But the wicked passions of men's hearts alone seem strong enough to leave pictures that persist the good are ever too luke-warm.
Sometimes I think my husband is so amazing that I don't know why he's with me. I don't know whether I'm good enough. But if I make him happy, then I'm everything I want to be.
If you tell people where to go, but not how to get there, you'll be amazed at the results.
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you.
Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you're kind, amazing things will happen.
It's amazing the clarity that comes with psychotic jealousy.
There are amazingly wonderful people in all walks of life some familiar to us and others not. Stretch yourself and really get to know people. People are in many ways one of our greatest treasures.
I feel like I have had the most amazing life in my public service.
When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.
If there was an observer on Mars, they would probably be amazed that we have survived this long.
I am indeed amazed when I consider how weak my mind is and how prone to error.
People are generally amazed that I would take an interest in any form that would require me to stop talking for three hours.
With love, you should go ahead and take the risk of getting hurt because love is an amazing feeling.
You will never cease to be the most amazed person on earth at what God has done for you on the inside.
When the shriveled skin of the ordinary is stuffed out with meaning, it satisfies the senses amazingly.
People never cease to amaze me.
The amazing fact is that America is founded on a document. It's a work in progress. It can be tested by each generation.
It's amazing what ordinary people can do if they set out without preconceived notions.
People must feel that the natural world is important and valuable and beautiful and wonderful and an amazement and a pleasure.
Write in recollection and amazement for yourself.
When it's over, I want to say: all my life I was a bride married to amazement. I was the bridegroom, taking the world into my arms.
It's amazing how, over time, a person's perspective can be altered.
I'm proud of the U.S.A. We've done some amazing things. To wear our flag in the Olympics is an honor.
The body is an amazing machine... If you eat the right things your body will perform incredibly well!
I really love the internet. They say chat-rooms are the trailer park of the internet but I find it amazing.
As a kid, I kind of spent my life being amazed by being tricked. I love being tricked. I still love it today.
It's amazing, if you know what you want to say, how fast it is to write.
I'm always amazed at anyone's interest in what I have to say.
It was amazing to me that, all of a sudden, I was hearing my music on the radio and coming out of cars.
When the youth of America gets together, amazing things happen.
Nothing amazes me anymore.
Words to me were magic. You could say a word and it could conjure up all kinds of images or feelings or a chilly sensation or whatever. It was amazing to me that words had this power.
Isn't it amazing the way the future succeeds in creating an appropriate past?
It's amazing how much trouble you can get in when you don't have anything else to do.
I like pens. My writing is so amazing there's never a need to erase.
I am constantly amazed by Tina Fey. And I am Tina Fey.
I was always amazed about how much I could finally squeeze into a thirty second commercial.
I've had to calm down, I have a kid! It is amazing. It's the best thing ever. Nothing better than it.
Amazingly when you add life and consciousness to the equation you can actually explain some of the biggest puzzles of science.
Amazement awaits us at every corner.
There are a lot of people with a lot of money, and I'm amazed they don't understand what a great pleasure it can be to give.
The body can do amazing things in a situation when it is really called for.
I have a ridiculous fear of sharks but I'd jump in the water in a second for an amazing role.
You would be amazed what the ordinary guy knows.
More and more couples are having this negotiation or discussion, but I'm still amazed at the number who aren't and where the cultural norm sort of kicks in and they just assume that mom's got to be the one who stays home, not dad.
It's amazing to me that young people will still pick up a cigarette.
The truth sets you free. It's a very liberating thing, when you say this is who I am warts and all and then you can just get on with life. It's amazing.
But I am not going to live for ever. And the more I know it, the more amazed I am by being here at all.
It's the most amazing feeling to hold your child in your arms.
To me, when a great band is playing together, it's amazing for me.
I had a friend whose family had dinner together. The mother would tuck you in at night and make breakfast in the morning. They even had a spare bike for a friend. It just seemed so amazing to me.
It's amazing how a competitive nature can turn a negative into something positive.
To feel the presence of the Lord is an amazing thing.
It's amazing how, age after age, in country after country, and in all languages, Shakespeare emerges as incomparable.
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
It is amazing that people who think we cannot afford to pay for doctors, hospitals, and medication somehow think that we can afford to pay for doctors, hospitals, medication and a government bureaucracy to administer it.
France, and the whole of Europe have a great culture and an amazing history. Most important thing though is that people there know how to live! In America they've forgotten all about it. I'm afraid that the American culture is a disaster.
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
We want to reinvent the phone. What's the killer app? The killer app is making calls! It's amazing how hard it is to make calls on most phones. We want to let you use contacts like never before - sync your iPhone with your PC or mac.
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?
May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. May your mountains rise into and above the clouds.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
It's amazing how people will give when you don'
I still think that movies are amazing I respect actors and directors.
I loved hip-hop. The first stuff I heard was Public Enemy, and I couldn't believe it. It was amazing, and I've always loved hip-hop.
It's an amazing feeling to go into a studio and really be alone.
I've got some incredible fans actually - so loyal and they make me birthday cards and Christmas cards. I got this package of poems and artwork based around the songs. They've got this thing called 'Floetry' where they all have to put in artwork. They've set up their own competitions and stuff which is kind of amazing.
I saw 'The Artist.' It's really beautiful and it's all done to the letter with all the silent film techniques. The costumes were amazing and the dog is so good.
My siblings and I were friends with the boys who would become our stepbrothers - we grew up on the same street. I feel very special to have these amazing people in my life and if we hadn't all moved into this big house together I think I would have missed out on that, because we would have drifted apart.
Singing really is acting. In a lot of ways, it's much more personal. I love music, and being able to work on that is amazing.
If I can inspire people by showing that following a dream by working hard and being determined is possible, it's amazing.
I love a beautiful gown on stage, and luckily I've been fortunate to wear some amazing dresses.
I get such lovely gifts from fans... amazing pictures, handmade jewellery. I'm very lucky!
I believe I could have had a career in the music industry without 'X Factor,' but it was an amazing platform that propelled me to where I am now.
It's been a fascinating thing because we didn't really know how to write when we started South Park at all. It's been like, we've just sort of grown up a bit and it's amazing to just see how, if you take Butters and Cartman and put them in any scene, it works.
Sally Field looks amazing in general, never mind her age! She's a phenomenally talented actress and has had a career spanning so many decades.
I started running outside when I was at 'Biggest Loser.' Then I got runner's knee, and thought I was never going to be able to shake it. When I overcame that and ran the L.A. Marathon, it was such an amazing thing, and now running is such a part of my routine.
We watch a lot of Discovery Channel, shows like 'The Biggest Loser' and even 'Amazing Race.' You learn a lot about the world, it's fun and nobody's interested in beating anybody down. And then the opposite: I'm a huge fan of 'Survivor.'
Spinning has been such an amazing part of my exercise. I love the music, the energy, and the sweat. It's a tough class, which makes me feel like I've really accomplished something. It's a great way to burn fat and lean out the body. An all-around win!
If you think you don't want to play another psychopath, but the script is amazing, and the director is fantastic, and the story is incredible, then you may end up playing your third psychopath in a row.
Truthfully, being pregnant is changing me as a person. Each day is part of this amazing journey that has completely shifted the focus of my life and made me reevaluate my personal and professional goals.
I'm a big fan of Mashable and TechCrunch and other outlets like that, but TechMeme obviously does an amazing job of aggregating.
I think having children is the most amazing thing.
I put the costume on and said 'It's not very comfortable, but it looks amazing,' so it's all good.
My mother is the coolest, most amazing person I know.
There are some amazing stories from all over this country, where people's work and contribution has been acknowledged. To be part of that is an absolutely fantastic feeling.
I decided to give acting a serious, committed try, and soon after, I read the script for 'Lovely and Amazing.' The story was beautiful and honest, and the characters struggled with the same insecurities many women - including me - face. I didn't think I had a chance in hell of being in the film, but I knew I had to go for it.
I really would love to do a piece like Julia Roberts or Charlize Theron in 'Erin Brockovich' or 'North Country.' They were both so amazing and so inspiring. I would love to touch someone in the way their performances touched me.
I'm an actor, so sometimes there are moments where I think about everything that's happening and I want to cry. I'm doing what I love and I will be doing it for a very, very long time - and it's amazing. A lot of people don't get to do that.
I have a full life: I have two amazing kids, I have great friends, great family. And right now, that's plenty for me to manage. A new relationship just seems like way too much work.
I've worked on films where the budgets are almost limitless and you're in trailers that are bigger than a hotel room. You're taken care of and the food is amazing, the quality of the job is amazing and then you work on smaller things but it never dictates my happiness or my willingness to go to work.
It is amazing to think after all that has happened in this country in the last few years, the last few decades, that so many people have this blind faith that government is our friend and therefore, so we don't need protections against it.
Once the kids are in school, it's amazing what you can do.
The feeling of your baby taking nourishment from your body for the first time is amazing, and it remains the most touching moment of my life.
Growing up in New York has influenced my style so much, and I have an amazing relationship with my stylist, Estee Stanley. We have so much fun with the whole process. She picks out dresses, I try things on and play dress up, and we get creative to see what works.
Every now and then, I have blissful moments of thanking God for all the amazing things that are happening. When I leave the White House after just meeting Obama or when I see my face on the cover of 'Rolling Stone' or when I meet someone who tells me that their daughter is inspired by me, those are moments that are incredibly joyful.
I'm overjoyed and beyond honored to be a part of the L'Oreal Paris family. I'm such a fan of L'Oreal Paris not just for all of their amazing products, but for what they stand for.
I got fitter when I did 'Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat.' I wore a loincloth - that's a lot of motivation!
Working with amazing people, you continue to learn and develop yourself, as an actor and as a person.
I never travel without my Stetson, but the more I wear it the more I realise that no one wears hats any more. When I was a kid everybody wore hats, especially in Texas, but I get off the plane in Dallas now and I'm the only guy with a hat. It's amazing.
As his partner on this amazing journey, I can tell you Mitt Romney was not handed success. He built it.
And I thought, when I have kids, that's the sort of well told, silly, and fun fairy tale that I would want to take them to. But it was an amazing experience. And I think Shrek is a real classic, a fairy tale classic.
I work with all these amazing voice actors that do a kajillion voices.
You have to wait for a big star to come in and generate interest on a project, and now that has become me, which is an amazing blessing.
I mean, there are some amazing storytelling being done on the small screen right now. That's what so cool about being in television right now. Studios, networks are starting to throw more resources, better writers, more production values... and to be part of that is awesome.
I love vintage shopping, I think it's really fun. And I love the feeling of finding the most amazing piece for less.
It's been such a deep and amazing journey for me, getting close to John Keats, and also I love Shelley and Byron. I mean, the thing about the Romantic poets is that they've got the epitaph of romantic posthumously. They all died really young, and Keats, the youngest of them all.
In football you always get judged on your last game. Whoever you are, or how amazing you are, it's the last game that everyone has seen.
I just want to be a part of great stories, whether I'm part of an amazing ensemble cast or I'm leading it or the antagonist or whatever.
The last real movie stars were probably Redford and Newman. And things were different then. There wasn't this amazing amount of magazines and information about them.
There are so many different people that I've emulated vocally. In the rock world - Sebastian Bach, Vince Neil, Freddie Mercury, Robert Plant. They all had amazing vocal talent.
When I'm doing a film, I love getting together after work with my costars. But we get back to L.A. and I'm like, 'I don't want to go to a club with you, dude. I mean, I think you're rad, and if you want to come play Scrabble with me, that's amazing.'
I saw Ellen and my knees were weak. It was amazing. And it was very hard for me to get her out of my mind after that. Then when I saw her that night, we started talking, and that's that.
Politically, Obama's amazing streak of self-destructing opponents who have lain beneath his feet during his unlikely political career appears to be holding.
I know some of my parents' friends think 'Little Britain' is in incredibly poor taste. But swimming the Channel? You can't really say anything negative about that, can you? There's nothing better than making your parents happy. The glee on my father's face that day was amazing.
I run from Horatio Street down just past Battery Park City and back. It's amazing to run and see the Statue of Liberty and the ferries coming in. People think if you're not near Central Park, there's nowhere to go, but there's a whole ecosystem happening down here.
I thought, after the Pulitzer, at least nothing will surprise me quite that much in my life. And another one happened. It was quite amazing.
It's amazing how coke encompasses everything in your life. Addicts cannot confront life because they only think of their next hit. I ruined life for my parents, my sister and all my friends.
It's kind of amazing how popular 'Grey's Anatomy' is. What other show can boast such an annoyingly sincere cast of doctors, sniveling through such perfunctory love triangles?
I go to Saint Barth in the French West Indies for two weeks each year. That place is amazing. Amazing people, beautiful beaches, great wine, wonderful harbors... It's incredibly romantic.
I was homeless for a little bit. I was on people's couches, but it was an amazing journey. I got to make people laugh all the way.
God bless you if you have one child, but I don't think anybody should have just one child. Everybody needs a sibling. I have siblings, and I have so many amazing, precious memories with my siblings. I don't know what I would do if I had been an only child.
I got amazing training both with Theatre Sports... back in Edmonton, Alberta - I can't give those people enough credit - and the daytime drama I did. Incredible training, both of them.
My parents were kind of like me in that they had tons and tons of weird, amazing stuff.
I have a really amazing fan club, it's contemporary but it's a little bit old school. There's a lot of connection. I have a fan club president who really responds to people.
It's amazing how much you can absorb on a film set.
I just think we're living in a time of massive, amazing change, like the Industrial Revolution on acid.
Theatre, when it is at its best, takes a lot of beating - the live experience and the shared collective experience of live storytelling is really special when it is good. Particularly here in New York because the audiences are amazing, very vocal and very engaged, and that makes theatre very exciting.
As a young black boy, it made me proud to see black leaders that did something amazing and made the world change.
Well, Jeff Buckley for me is one of the greatest singers I've ever heard. And the reason why is he has an amazing range, amazing emotional power in his voice. And the music he put around it also just had this passion and this soul to it and this spirit to it that very few artists have, and he passed at a very young age.
I love Louisiana. It's amazing.
I'd said to my sweetheart a couple of days before that the SAG and Spirit Award nomination was amazing and I had no attachment to the Academy Award. I knew I was an underdog so I just decided to sleep through the announcement.
Do you like my suit? I think this is an amazing suit, don't you think?
Walmart is an amazing story of entrepreneurship and, as one of the world's most powerful brands, touches millions of lives every day.
I think what's really amazing is that given the scale of the web and getting the compute power we have today, we're starting to see things that appear intelligent but actually aren't semantically intelligent.
Linda Georgian is a wonderful psychic. She can do amazing things.
The resilience of these people is amazing. I am a great believer that the sooner we get things up and running in terms of sport in this area, the better.
I walk into a kids' store, and it's amazing, the types of instruments - little squeaky things, rattling things, spinning tops.
The human body and mind are tremendous forces that are continually amazing scientists and society. Therefore, we have no choice but to keep an open mind as to what the human being can achieve.
Going to a concert is so overwhelming and the energy is amazing.
I look up to Mick Jagger because he's an amazing performer and he's such an individual. I respect him and admire him eternally.
I have two younger sisters and I'm such an advocate of owning who you are as a person. Don't be ashamed or intimidated. Never feel like you are not amazing.
The business that people do in LA on the social level is amazing. You go to a restaurant, bump into this guy or that guy. The next day you get a call, and they want you in their movie.
The current Babe Ruth of improv? Sacha Baron Cohen. He's pretty amazing.
It's amazing how I can just ramble on for hours, isn't it? And so unentertaining or uninteresting. But I can ramble on for hours. It's a sort of terrible gift, isn't it?
If my kids are doing well, then my life is going pretty well. And if my kids aren't doing well, it doesn't matter how the other elements of my life are. It's kind of amazing to have a context like that. This is really wonderful.
My father is an amazing man.
What makes America amazing is that there have always been men and women of courage who were willing to think more about the future of their children and grandchildren than they did about their own political careers.
I'm one of those people that thinks the Internet is amazing, and I can't believe it exists.
It's wonderful to be appreciated for being quirky, and to see Zooey Deschanel and the quirky, indie film types get mainstream play is amazing for women, because women are much more complicated than what we've see on TV in the past.
I've done my best to work from a place of humility - always looking over your shoulder saying, 'Does this suck?' and I think that's a good way to work. The other way to work is where you start to think, 'I'm on fire, I'm amazing!' and I don't think that's the way to work.
I was terribly shy when I was growing up, I really wasn't confident with other people and I think I was always afraid of up or not being this very cool, amazing person that I wanted to be.
I just believe that the feeling of wonder is amazing. I am pushing myself as far as I can humanly push myself... I can only hope for the best and expect the worse.
I'm tired of being around men all the time. I'm going to start a band called Skirt with three girls and I'll play the guitar and sing backing vocals in drag. I went window shopping when I was in New York, saw a lot of amazing dresses.
So I won an Oscar. It's amazing. I've got that for the rest of my life for a performance I am proud of. It nearly killed me. I am really proud of the film. That's it, moving on.
It's a melting pot, southern Africa. You find these cultural collisions that result in art and music, and it's pretty amazing.
I have a wonderful husband. I have three amazing kids.
My mom was amazing. She believed in me and we were best friends.
When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and you'd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. That's what we're going to miss.
My dad was working abroad, in Iraq, and he was a doctor. We used to go and visit him, in Baghdad, off and on. For the first ten years of my life, we used to go backwards and forwards to Baghdad, so that was quite amazing. I spent a lot of time traveling around the Middle East.
Everything has combined to make my life in New York an amazing experience. I told my manager a few years ago that I wanted to move here and try acting in the theater.
Most of the southern hemisphere is unexplored. We had more exploration ships down there during Captain Cook's time than now. It's amazing.
I've also long since realized that the way to really engage children is to give out prizes it's amazing how it concentrates their minds.
When you're a stay-at-home mother you have to pretend it's really boring, but it's not. It's enriching and fulfilling, and an amazing experience. And then when you're a working mother you have to pretend that you feel guilty all day long.
My time at Honda was amazing. Some of my best times in Formula One, actually. I might not have won races, just one race, but I had a lot of fun.
My 'Movember' moustache was never going to be as big as Nigel Mansell's, but I tried my best. The amazing thing is that when you try to grow a moustache, you notice everyone else's. There are some amazing moustaches on the grid.
To go to the Oscars for Moneyball - that was pretty amazing. And to be able to go work with Kathryn Bigelow - that's going to be pretty sweet. Hopefully I don't have to go back to being a waiter. That's still my main goal.
To go to the Oscars for 'Moneyball' - that was pretty amazing.
After I finished high school I went to Hong Kong and Thailand and spent some time there. Just to get that whole experience of being out of the bubble that I was in from high school in Vancouver, to be able to travel around and be on your own was an amazing experience.
I was dating my first boyfriend in high school for a long time, and we broke up before prom. I hadn't met anyone else that I really wanted to go with, and my friends have always been amazing. So I went with my friends and got a million photos with them!
With fitness, I do Bikrams hot yoga. The gym that I have in my building is amazing. I love to do cardio and weights there.
You know, the reward for 'Captain America' is amazing. It's always fun to see a giant spectacle film and see the fun stuff - the special effects.
The environmental benefits of hydrogen are also outstanding. When used as an energy source, hydrogen produces no emissions besides water. Zero polluting emissions, an amazing advance over the current sources of energy that we use.
I'll always be this crazy, fun person, but when it's time to get married, I'm going to be an amazing wife.
The difference between Marilyn Monroe and the early Pamela Anderson is not that great. What's amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same.
Shakespeare is all big themes, like the most amazing love, or the most scary war.
Fatherhood is the most amazing thing that could ever have happened in my life.
As a kid who wasn't into sports, at school I felt almost alienated at times, whereas in the theatre community there was this amazing sense of camaraderie. Early on, we would go to rehearsals with my dad and I was like the mascot for the backstage crew. That was a big part of my childhood, so I dreamed of one day doing a play in London.
It was said Daredevil grew up in Hell's Kitchen, an amazing name for a neighbourhood. But that opened a Pandora's box of all the crime stuff I wanted to do. I borrowed liberally from Will Eisner's 'The Spirit' and turned 'Daredevil' into a crime comic.
Comics are so full of amazing work. And I can't look at a drawing of a woman without thinking of, for instance, Wallace Wood and his amazing way of capturing beauty.
When you think of what Americans accomplished, building these amazing cities and all the good it's done in the world, it's kind of disheartening to hear so much hatred of America, not just from abroad, but internally.
So when I go home, sometimes, even when I had an amazing game, I always think about what I missed.
In America, Blackberry Farm in Tennessee is one of the most amazing hotels I've had the privilege of staying at.
It's better to get the nutrients for healthy skin from food, not supplements. Salmon, walnuts, blueberries, spinach... lots of my favorite foods happen to be amazing for skin too.
I discovered something amazing, which has caused a lot of controversy - the fountain of youth. I have to keep it a secret!
Surfing is such an amazing concept. You're taking on Nature with a little stick and saying, 'I'm gonna ride you!' And a lot of times Nature says, 'No you're not!' and crashes you to the bottom.
When I look into the crowd, I see young and old, black and white - it's amazing that I'm able to connect with so many different kinds of people.
We are really on top of one another at the moment and I think it is amazing how we stay so close. Maybe that's the test. Why not totally put yourself together, rather than always wonder whether you actually like each other?
Considering the amount of information we're bombarded by, it's amazing if a song can transcend time.
I love insects. They are amazing.
There are very few dance companies in the world and you have to be phenomenal. You have to not be injured. You have to have a really strong mind to deal with the dance world. People who can do it are amazing to me. You cannot have a life outside of dance.
Beyonce is the most amazing woman in the world.
Well, when you're the youngest of five, parents kind of lose interest more and more through the children. I think my eldest brother was under loads of pressure to do something amazing with his life, but by the time I came around they were like, 'Well, let's hope he doesn't kill a guy.'
I really liked the helicopter pilot in 'Dawn of the Dead', when he gets bitten and comes out of the elevator. That guy was amazing. He did this incredible walk that we didn't even know about until we started shooting.
First of all, plain and simple, you have no real idea of what it means to be famous until you become famous. It's a double-edged sword. Obviously there are a lot of amazing things about fame, but there are also a lot of challenging things about it.
Stevie Wonder is just one of those guys that completely delivers everything that you want to be true about Stevie Wonder. He's an amazing human being, and the fairytale exists with that man.
Nobody has it all, but for me to even come close is amazing.
When you write biographies, whether it's about Ben Franklin or Einstein, you discover something amazing: They are human.
You get moments all the time that kind of make you pinch yourself, some of them make you quite emotional. Winning a BRIT was a big moment because we were just so excited to be at the awards in the first place. Selling out Madison Square Garden was pretty amazing too. Then we woke to the news that our UK tour was sold out. It was crazy.
The attitude is we live and let live. This is actually an amazing change in values in a rather short time and it's an example of freedom from religion.
Yes, the companionship is amazing. You know, you can get that physical attraction that happens is great, but then there's an awful lot of time and the rest of the day that you have to fill.
On the surface, rock and roll changes at an amazing pace. The influence of a figure like the Maharishi can appear and disappear in a matter of months. Talk about old fashioned rock and roll finds itself dead before it begins.
It's amazing that for actors mostly, it's a risk to attach yourself to a film that you don't know whether or not it's going to even be made and if you sign on, in doing so, who else is going to be in the movie with you.
I hate the stereotype of the pitfalls of the child actor. There are so many amazing examples - Natalie Portman, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Jodie Foster, Drew Barrymore - of people who have made it through.
I think it's an amazing quality to be able to roll with the punches and not be totally ruined as a person because life's been rough for you. That's a really admirable way to go through your life.
Like most people my age, my job is the main focus of my life. I don't have some kind of jet-setting fabulous lifestyle where I'm constantly in situations to acquire amazing anecdotes, that's it.
I think that in itself is kind of an amazing achievement to be able to say that your full-time career is in any creative arts, let alone a show that has kept people interested for coming on four seasons and hopefully more.
I don't like staying in hotels. I like to be in my own bed. San Diego as a city is really awesome. The only hard part of it for me is that I'm away from my family and my house. But as far as shooting down there, we get amazing locations, and the crew is really, really stellar down there. They are really fun.
I'd do pretty much anything to get back on stage. I'd like to develop a new musical. I nearly had a heart attack when I heard that they're developing John Waters' Cry-Baby because that is so amazing and super and wonderful and I wish that I could be involved. But it's not the right time and I understand that. But I hear things like that and I get that little tingle in my stomach.
Me and my friend Ioan Gruffudd are like chalk and cheese when it comes to clothes. He lives for his clothes and has an amazing wardrobe. If we're going out I'll turn up at his house and say, 'I haven't got anything to wear,' and he'll tut and sigh and then lend me something swanky.
Everything that has happened to me has been amazing and surprising.
And it is very sexy as well: somebody says I'm taking you on a surprise date, you don't know where you are going and you can't see and then you put your hand out and there is a tiger. Amazing.
Housing Works is the coolest thrift store in the world, because not only are they the best thrift store - they're not the most thrifty thrift store - but they have amazing stuff and all of their proceeds go directly to kids, mostly homeless kids, living with AIDS and HIV in New York, in the metropolitan area.
I seriously love to cook... My grandmother was an amazing cook. As a kid I used to help her make handmade pasta, Cavatelli and Ravioli. It was one of my favorite things to do. I love the idea of making whatever is in the fridge into something.
I tend to not watch things that are current. And then if everybody swears it's amazing then I'll like watch the whole series in a weekend.
I think it's very empowering to be able to have a career and to be a mother. It gives you an amazing sense of self.
What an amazing opportunity to do something like direct a movie and step out of your creative comfort zone and yet do something that is also so familiar at the same time. I was also just excited to have the chance to direct, which I may never get to do again.
Magic is the oldest part of the show business profession. It can now be used as a forward-thinking tool to build a child's confidence. It has been an amazing part in many entertainers' lives, including Steve Martin and the late Johnny Carson.
You don't have a lot of time you have to get it right. It's amazing how they create these episodes in such a short amount of time. They lavish a lot of care and money on each episode, and they just look terrific.
So it was good for me to play a likable person and it was just an amazing situation to be in.
My public image is so low-key, but I get to travel the world and still have an audience and it's really amazing. I don't take that for granted.
Being on 'Glee' was amazing. I remember my first day on set, my first day I arrived to the set I was in my trailer and all of the actors came and banged on my door - Lea Michele, Chris Colfer, Amber Riley, Naya Rivera. They all welcomed me with open arms, so it was a great experience. It felt like family, and I miss them a lot over there.
That's an amazing moment, the first time you hear yourself on radio. It's still thrilling.
Recently I've been doing risottos. Some of them have been amazing. Some of them, not all of them.
Alexander Gonzalez Inarritu is a great director. He's the one I first worked with. He's amazing.
I suppose it's amazing when you think how many things people get involved in that don't work.
The amount of control you have over somebody if you can monitor internet activity is amazing.
It's amazing how quickly people on the internet can pick something up, but it's also amazing how quickly they can drop it.
Being a mother is the most amazing thing that has ever happened to me in my life.
It's amazing what sleep does for your looks.
I started crying the other day just thinking that the baby is going to leave me soon! You have this relationship with this person in your belly and it's really amazing.
My favorite designer is Christian Lacroix, not just because his clothes are amazing and I love them, but because he's so nice. When I did his fashion show, he was the first one to arrive there and he helped everyone.
Well, I'd love to work with Kate Winslet - she's amazing.
It was amazing and inspiring to see so many people come together through music to aid the great state of Vermont.
I've created, directed and choreographed for Lady Gaga since the beginning, so 'Born This Way,' this was musically such an amazing evolution and such a brilliant record. So when she played it for me, it took me a while to find out the visual interpretation that I could give back to her.
If you love dance and you have the gift of teaching, teaching is super amazing and important because my teachers planted that seed in me. As a teacher you understand the difference or the definition of a Baryshnikov or a Gregory Hines, so teaching is really important and very necessary.
Choreography is amazing. I'm still a dancer, yet I transitioned into choreography then as a Creative Director. All of these creative elements are brought out of being a dancer. Directing is something that comes out of understanding movement and choreography. Directing movement is directing a dance piece.
Whenever I listen to a children's orchestra, I learn. They feel everything, they enjoy everything, they have amazing energy.
So for my studio purposes, I know that I'm in my studio with technicians who've done amazing things to my board and to my power amps and I know what I can deliver out of my studio.
It's been amazing how this crazy career has been created. I feel that it's been given to me. I wouldn't be anywhere without Victoria's Secret.
But it's amazing how many people think that gay men should slink off into the shadows when it comes to having friendships with children.
No, Arrested Development was such an amazing experience in every way, and you know it was very unique in that it was a show that received a lot of critical acclaim, and yet we didn't ever achieve the ratings that we wanted.
I stood for parliament with the amazing support and help of my ex-husband, but it's not something that was handed to me like a peerage. I worked hard and was elected. So my achievements, such as they are, are my own.
I'm not sure I make old bones in parliament. It's an amazing experience to have had but I can't see myself being Mother of the House.
My dream career would be to be in things that have real heart and are telling real stories but while doing that, you're getting really big laughs. I don't necessarily love the straight crazy comedies. 'Caddyshack' is amazing, but there's not a lot of new 'Caddyshack's.
I get to travel around the world and meet all of these amazing people, and they're singing my songs! And to me, that's crazy.
In the past few years, we've been doing amazing stuff with desserts. Pastry chefs have been using herbs and spices in their desserts. So vanilla cake doesn't have to be just vanilla, it can have a little thyme. Or you could have a custard with a little lavender in it, which is just amazing.
Southern California, they have been amazing. They're totally with us.
I auditioned for 'Girls' the fall after I graduated from Yale. The show has been amazing - as close to perfect as it gets!
Try as hard as we may for perfection, the net result of our labors is an amazing variety of imperfectness. We are surprised at our own versatility in being able to fail in so many different ways.
I don't get a chance to do many of my own stunts on 'Buffy' - none of us do. We have amazing stunt people who make us all look really believable and really good.
We're all doing different things and some of the girls are mums, so priorities have changed. But I would love to do something with the Spice Girls again. I know we would have an amazing time.
I like what I see now in China, but I think the Japanese are a step ahead into craziness and weirdness. I go to galleries there that are the size of a New York elevator, and every time I'm surprised by the amazing things I find. I really hope I'll be able to promote some of these artists, to show their work in the West.
You can be the best actor in the world, but if you don't have that one lucky moment, it kind of doesn't matter. There are a lot of amazing actors who will never get the chance to prove themselves because they won't have that one lucky moment.
The New York Quarterly is an amazing, intelligent, crazy, creative, strange, and indispensable magazine.
I'm having a great time. I get to travel and see the world. And yeah, I'll have a family, because I don't want to miss out on that amazing experience, but it's not defining who I am.
My family has been amazing, and they understand how blessed I am. They've been able to keep my sense of humor.
I just had that conversation this morning with my doctor. I just got back from the hospital a half-hour ago, and nothing will make me happier than to replicate the DNA of my amazing husband. I'm optimistic.
It was amazing that during rehearsals, without any of the costume on, the character was there complete. It just happened. Half the time, I didn't know I was doing it.
New Orleans in an amazing town.
You can muck around with different guitars for certain bits, but you have to have your own sound. That's your benchmark, that's your sound. I also play a Black Beauty. It sounds amazing.
Any day acting is an amazing day.
Armie Hammer
Training in taekwondo for eight years and then being able to do it in a film was pretty amazing.
As a planning board commissioner, I have to review the applications for development throughout the city, and the bulk of those applications have been for the waterfront. I think the progress the waterfront has made is amazing.
It is amazing how the public steadfastly refuse to attend the third day of a match when so often the last day produces the best and most exciting cricket.
Usher is amazing. He's perfection to me as a performer. He gets down.
I don't know if it has set in or not. Honestly, it's crazy. It's such an amazing honor. I remember thinking back to being in my room waiting for the call to see if I got the part. It's like winning the lottery. I'm proud to be a member of such an amazing cast - that's the best award of all.
I used the music kind of as therapy, and it's just amazing that I feel so free after doing that. I feel like I had it trapped inside of me and now I feel free. So it's been a very good therapy session for me as well.
Some of the most amazing human beings on the face of the planet go to sci-fi conventions, although I'm sure a few of them wouldn't admit it.
When I left the show, the fans were so amazing in terms of the outpouring of support and continued support all that time whatever ways they could be in touch with me.
Sayles could pull a performance out of a dog. I'm serious. He was just amazing. The world could fall apart and he remained on neutral.
I am auditioning again - getting back to theatre would be amazing.
It's so amazing to hear a crowd of people singing one of your songs. It's the best feeling.
We've always described our sound as a bit more guitar driven than normal pop music. Kind of Pink in a boy band form. We've heard a few people say that so now we use it. I think Pink is amazing person to be compared to.
I mean, it's amazing that I get to meet all these people. I've learned so much from all of them. I just worked with Sofia Coppola and that was amazing. I learned so much from her. I can't even describe how much fun I had.
New York is the coolest city. The place just never sleeps. It's amazing.
Science fiction is an amazing literature: plot elements that you would think would be completely worn out by now keep changing into surprising new forms.
It's the degree of success and the length of time that is amazing.
Music makes your soul feel amazing while you're performing it.
If we're given a number of circumstances to deal with, the brain goes into this mode of trying to find a solution, and it's amazing how good we are at it.
My family is just an amazing melting pot of wonderful religions and faiths.
One person I've always wanted to work with who would be an amazing guest star would be James Earl Jones.
Personally I had the opportunity to go on several ride alongs with the LA County Sheriff's Department with some amazing detectives, who were invaluable to me.
It's amazing to see things that are suggested in the book fully developed and so brilliantly realized through the artistry of the designers.
'Breaking Bad' is the best, the greatest, the most amazing thing I have ever watched on television.
And Shanghai is amazing. I'm a fan of science fiction so when you're there in the night with all the lights and all this modernity, it's like a set in a movie.
I think that we're in a really amazing time, where there are really a lot of really fantastic female actresses and comedians. I imagine there's just a lot of opportunity for women to have powerful roles. Or it's just that there's more women writing TV. Women tend to maybe write strong women.
If I can help and influence girls who are going through body-image issues then I think that's amazing.
My dad was a journalist. He was in Rwanda right after the genocide. In Berlin when the wall came down. He was always disappearing and coming back with amazing stories. So telling stories for a living made sense to me.
It was an amazing performer. Very temperamental, it spent a lot of time in its trailer.
I had one drama teacher who was amazing, Ms. Perkins. She really tried to inspire me and get me going.
You know, 'The Golden Girls' was a very unusual show to start on. I was young, and it was a show about old people, and it was a very traditional show, but it was also an amazing training ground for a joke-writer. It forced me to learn those skills.
It's amazing the hours you pull when you're the lead of a show.
I'm crazy about my father, he's an amazing man, a real adventurer. He took us with him to travel all over the world. We were in places that were so remote, that white people hardly ever reach them.
Shanghai set out to take over from Hong Kong and I think it's done that. It's got the most amazing futuristic skyline which rivals and even betters Tokyo.
My mom is a really good cook. I didn't get the cooking gene, but she cooks this really amazing dinner every Christmas, and that's always really fun.
'True Blood' is amazing. I have to give a shout out to 'Melrose Place' because I do watch. I love 'Entourage.' One of my favorite shows back in the day was 'Friday Night Lights.
Everyone at home is so supportive. People recognise me, say how proud they are of me. It's awesome to hear, it's amazing to know I can touch so many people in a positive way.
Ted Danson is amazing. He's incredible.
I had amazing stuff happen right off the top. I thought this was how it worked. Hollywood is awesome! Cut to three years later: What happened?
Despite the amazing diversity we're blessed with in this country, schools are still in large part segregated because of economic disparity. Sports are one of the few areas where kids are really given the opportunity to interact with those of different races and religions.
It's been an amazing year of individual performances.
When you think of it I haven't really done a lot of horror. It's amazing: I have done some really good ones, but I haven't done a lot of them.
It's amazing what you can get on open source now if you actually use the right search engines to find the material.
It's just amazing that there are so many prejudices even now.
They played Boston. They played at the Boston Tea Party and through an amazing chain of events I got to hang out with them backstage even though I was underage.
One of the amazing things about the Internet is that the content creators are the gatekeepers. We can think of an idea and execute it quickly, and we didn't have to pitch the idea to a major network or convince a studio head to sign-off on the concept.
I know plenty of actresses in their early thirties who look amazing, although there's that old saying: 'Ladies get older, men get more distinguished.'
It is really quite amazing that all of the folks supporting privatization, from the president on down, keep invoking the name of my grandfather, Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
To make a couple putts to win the Masters is just an amazing feeling.
It is amazing that it is my destiny to be the first Aussie to win the Masters.
I want to buy my mom a house I want my family to never have to worry about anything. And I just want to have an amazing career in music, because I love to do it.
Steven Tyler is awesome. He is so humble. He's really sweet and coming from him and his career, it's amazing.
The best part is it's a dream come true. I've always wanted to be a working actor, and the good part of it... it's all good! I work long hours, but it's amazing. They pay me. That's amazing! I get to kiss Keri Russell, and that ain't too bad.
I got to work with Jennifer Tilly, she was amazing. Such, such a smart actress.
I listen to every thing, all kinds of stuff. I've been obsessed with the Nas and Damian Marley record, 'Distant Relatives.' I feel like a lot of people haven't heard it, and it's amazing.
I have the most amazing support network around me.
I enjoy looking at words on paper and visualizing how to make them come to life. As a director, the creative process is really amazing.
It's so amazing, standing on the corner -this happened in Washington, D.C. - and somebody comes by in a Cadillac and you hear 'Manic Monday' on the radio, and you don't even know this person, and they're listening to it and singing along with it. Wow! Blows your mind.
Having my first number one single and being able to travel to places I've never been before has been amazing. The tour was also fantastic. There are so many things which I've experienced this year which I never even dreamed of.
The Beethoven Experience provided the opportunity to solidify the relationship between the Orchestra and me, the Orchestra and me and the public, between all of us and the city of New York, because Beethoven after all is a really amazing point of reference.
Maggie Smith is an amazing woman, and not as serious in real life.
Janet Jackson is an icon, I've been honored to meet her a few times, working with her would be amazing.
What do I think of L.A.? It's boring, with some amazing nuggets. Like there are some parts of it that are great, but by and large I think it's quite boring.
I think Andrew Stanton is such an amazing, creative mind.
It's amazing... to enjoy the results of your labor.
I think Gina Rowlands is an amazing actress.
Obviously, there's the seedy side of the strip club world and pole dancing. But, pole dancing, as an art form, is really beautiful. It's been hyper-sexualized because it's associated with strippers, but if you think about it, just in terms of other kinds of dancing, they're using an instrument to create these amazing dance forms.
The fact that I even get in Broadway shows is, to me, still amazing, but then to win a Tony was just incredible.
I just feel energized when I am around young, talented people. There is something about these kids that's amazing. I learn as much from them as they do from me.
It's amazing that something only an atom thick can be an impenetrable barrier. You can have gas on one side and vacuum or liquid on the other, and with a wall only one atom thick, nothing would go through it.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else you are the one who gets burned.
Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools.
Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean.
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
Anger and intolerance are the enemies of correct understanding.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
When angry, count to four when very angry, swear.
When angry count to ten before you speak. If very angry, count to one hundred.
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change.
When anger rises, think of the consequences.
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.
It is impossible for you to be angry and laugh at the same time. Anger and laughter are mutually exclusive and you have the power to choose either.
Anger is a killing thing: it kills the man who angers, for each rage leaves him less than he had been before - it takes something from him.
Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger. You see, one can only be angry with those he respects.
Get mad, then get over it.
He who angers you conquers you.
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.
Beware of him that is slow to anger for when it is long coming, it is the stronger when it comes, and the longer kept. Abused patience turns to fury.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it.
Anger, if not restrained, is frequently more hurtful to us than the injury that provokes it.
A man that studieth revenge keeps his own wounds green.
Hatred is an affair of the heart contempt that of the head.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Every time you get angry, you poison your own system.
Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Anger is a short madness.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts his eyes.
The deferring of anger is the best antidote to anger.
If a small thing has the power to make you angry, does that not indicate something about your size?
Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong.
Always write angry letters to your enemies. Never mail them.
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
One should not lose one's temper unless one is certain of getting more and more angry to the end.
He that would be angry and sin not, must not be angry with anything but sin.
There is nothing that so much gratifies an ill tongue as when it finds an angry heart.
No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched.
Never go to bed angry, stay up and fight.
Anger is one of the sinews of the soul.
Never contend with a man who has nothing to lose.
Revenge is often like biting a dog because the dog bit you.
How often it is that the angry man rages denial of what his inner self is telling him.
Fair peace becomes men ferocious anger belongs to beasts.
Keep cool anger is not an argument.
The world needs anger. The world often continues to allow evil because it isn't angry enough.
Somebody hits me, I'm going to hit him back. Even if it does look like he hasn't eaten in a while.
A wonderful emotion to get things moving when one is stuck is anger. It was anger more than anything else that had set me off, roused me into productivity and creativity.
Experts say you should never hit your children in anger. When is a good time? When you're feeling festive?
Discussion is an exchange of knowledge an argument an exchange of ignorance.
Expressing anger is a form of public littering.
I know of no more disagreeable situation than to be left feeling generally angry without anybody in particular to be angry at.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
Forgiveness is the economy of the heart... forgiveness saves the expense of anger, the cost of hatred, the waste of spirits.
In our daily life, we encounter people who are angry, deceitful, intent only on satisfying their own needs. There is so much anger, distrust, greed, and pettiness that we are losing our capacity to work well together.
Generally speaking, if a human being never shows anger, then I think something's wrong. He's not right in the brain.
Anger is the enemy of non-violence and pride is a monster that swallows it up.
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
Holding on to anger, resentment and hurt only gives you tense muscles, a headache and a sore jaw from clenching your teeth. Forgiveness gives you back the laughter and the lightness in your life.
I know, to banish anger altogether from one's breast is a difficult task. It cannot be achieved through pure personal effort. It can be done only by God's grace.
We should meet abuse by forbearance. Human nature is so constituted that if we take absolutely no notice of anger or abuse, the person indulging in it will soon weary of it and stop.
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.
Speak the truth, do not yield to anger give, if thou art asked for little by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.
Anger is a manifestation of a deeper issue... and that, for me, is based on insecurity, self-esteem and loneliness.
I think my passion is misinterpreted as anger sometimes. And I don't think people are ready for the message that I'm delivering, and delivering with a sense of violent love.
The components of anxiety, stress, fear, and anger do not exist independently of you in the world. They simply do not exist in the physical world, even though we talk about them as if they do.
My recipe for dealing with anger and frustration: set the kitchen timer for twenty minutes, cry, rant, and rave, and at the sound of the bell, simmer down and go about business as usual.
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems - not people to focus your energies on answers - not excuses.
What I needed most was to love and to be loved, eager to be caught. Happily I wrapped those painful bonds around me and sure enough, I would be lashed with the red-hot pokers or jealousy, by suspicions and fear, by burst of anger and quarrels.
There's nothing wrong with anger provided you use it constructively.
Love implies anger. The man who is angered by nothing cares about nothing.
I have not lost faith in God. I have moments of anger and protest. Sometimes I've been closer to him for that reason.
Hurt leads to bitterness, bitterness to anger, travel too far that road and the way is lost.
The ignorant mind, with its infinite afflictions, passions, and evils, is rooted in the three poisons. Greed, anger, and delusion.
Anger cannot be dishonest.
I don't think that you can fake warmth. You can fake lust, jealousy, anger those are all quite easy. But actual, genuine warmth? I don't think you can fake it.
Genuine forgiveness does not deny anger but faces it head-on.
Anger ventilated often hurries towards forgiveness anger concealed often hardens into revenge.
Anger: an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
Anger is the most impotent of passions. It effects nothing it goes about, and hurts the one who is possessed by it more than the one against whom it is directed.
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Anger is like those ruins which smash themselves on what they fall.
Guilt is anger directed at ourselves - at what we did or did not do. Resentment is anger directed at others - at what they did or did not do.
We're taught to be ashamed of confusion, anger, fear and sadness, and to me they're of equal value to happiness, excitement and inspiration.
I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive.
I'm not as angry as I used to be. But I can get in touch with that anger pretty quickly if I feel my space is being invaded or somebody is not treating me with the respect that I think I want.
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.
It isn't enough just to scream at the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations. We need our political system to start reflect this anger back into, 'How do we fix it? How do we get the economy going again?'
Hatred is inveterate anger.
There's a lot of bitterness, there's a lot of anger out there. We all have to work hard to heal those wounds.
The only justice is to follow the sincere intuition of the soul, angry or gentle. Anger is just, and pity is just, but judgement is never just.
Hatred is settled anger.
Obama and his attack dogs have nothing but hate and anger in their hearts and spew it whenever possible.
You must never be satisfied with losing. You must get angry, terribly angry, about losing. But the mark of the good loser is that he takes his anger out on himself and not his victorious opponents or on his teammates.
The fear really hits you. That's what you feel first. And then it's the anger and frustration. Part of the problem is how little we understand about the ultimate betrayal of the body when it rebels against itself.
Acting in anger and hatred throughout my life, I frequently precipitated what I feared most, the loss of friendships and the need to rely upon the very people I'd abused.
The one who cannot restrain their anger will wish undone, what their temper and irritation prompted them to do.
Be modest, humble, simple. Control your anger.
People are always angry at America. They're absolutely certain that America either caused their problems or is deliberately not fixing their problems. But the anger is always directed at America and never at Americans.
You've just got to have a sense of respect for the person you have children with. Anger doesn't help anybody. Ultimately you have to say forgiveness is important, and honoring what you had together is important. But it's easy to say and harder to do.
As far as having peace within myself, the one way I can do that is forgiving the people who have done wrong to me. It causes more stress to build up anger. Peace is more productive.
The voice of the intelligence is drowned out by the roar of fear. It is ignored by the voice of desire. It is contradicted by the voice of shame. It is biased by hate and extinguished by anger. Most of all it is silenced by ignorance.
The world in general doesn't know what to make of originality it is startled out of its comfortable habits of thought, and its first reaction is one of anger.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't angry some days. But I really have worked hard to put a lot of the anger and disappointment in the past.
Five enemies of peace inhabit with us - avarice, ambition, envy, anger, and pride if these were to be banished, we should infallibly enjoy perpetual peace.
Lawyers are men who hire out their words and anger.
It's a joke to think that anyone is one thing. We're all such complex creatures. But if I'm going to be a poster child for anything, anger's a gorgeous emotion. It gets a bad rap, but it can make great changes happen.
Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind. Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten.
Do not follow vain desires for verily he who prospers is preserved from lust, greed and anger.
All those who offer an opinion on any doubtful point should first clear their minds of every sentiment of dislike, friendship, anger or pity.
I really believe that all of us have a lot of darkness in our souls. Anger, rage, fear, sadness. I don't think that's only reserved for people who have horrible upbringings. I think it really exists and is part of the human condition. I think in the course of your life you figure out ways to deal with that.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
When I was younger, I was terrified to express anger because it would often kick-start a horrible reaction in the men in my life. So I bit my tongue. I was left to painstakingly deal with the aftermath of my avoidance later in life, in therapy or through the lyrics of my songs.
The flame of anger, bright and brief, sharpens the barb of love.
What starts the process, really, are laughs and slights and snubs when you are a kid. If your anger is deep enough and strong enough, you learn that you can change those attitudes by excellence, personal gut performance.
Although you may spend your life killing, You will not exhaust all your foes. But if you quell your own anger, your real enemy will be slain.
The opposite of anger is not calmness, its empathy.
A lot of my humor does come from anger. It's like, you're not gonna pull one over on me - which is pretty much my motto anyways.
President Obama clearly cannot run on his record. All he's offering is more of the same. That's not good. Look at the economy. It's stagnating. And so, what they're now going to try and do is bring this campaign down to little things, distractions, distortions, smear, fear, anger, frustration.
To talk about balance, it's easier to talk about what's out of balance. And I think anytime that you have any disease, and disease meaning lack of ease, lack of flow... dis-ease. So any time there's disease, you're out of balance, whether it's jealousy, anger, greed, anxiety, fear.
People are unjust to anger - it can be enlivening and a lot of fun.
Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one.
All anger is not sinful, because some degree of it, and on some occasions, is inevitable. But it becomes sinful and contradicts the rule of Scripture when it is conceived upon slight and inadequate provocation, and when it continues long.
George wrote Taxman, and I played guitar on it. He wrote it in anger at finding out what the taxman did. He had never known before then what could happen to your money.
Grab the broom of anger and drive off the beast of fear.
I don't think your ability to fight has anything to do with how big you are. It's to do with how much anger is in you.
Like fragile ice anger passes away in time.
My therapist says I still haven't got in touch with my anger. Maybe one day I'm going to explode. But I'm still really happy. I know it looks like a strange and painful upbringing - all those experiences led me to the paths that I'm on now.
When someone says that I'm angry it's actually a compliment. I have not always been direct with my anger in my relationships, which is part of why I'd write about it in my songs because I had such fear around expressing anger as a woman.
I think I'm basically the same guy I always was. Maybe I've learned, through experience, to rein in some of the anger and temper they say redheads normally have.
Growing up in a particular neighborhood, growing up in a working-class family, not having much money, all of those things fire you and can give you an edge, can give you an anger.
Well, all comedy starts with anger. You get angry, and its never for a good reason, right? You know its not a good reason. And then you try and work it from there.
What influenced me was Tori Amos, who was unapologetic about expressing anger through music, and Sinead O'Connor. Those two in particular were really moving for me, and very inspiring, before I wrote 'Jagged Little Pill.'
Anger is as a stone cast into a wasp's nest.
My dear brothers, take note of this: Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry, for man's anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires.
I'm an angry person, angrier than most people would imagine, I get flashes of anger. What works for me is working out when it's useful to use that anger.
Quite a lot of our contemporary culture is actually shot through with a resentment of limits and the passage of time, anger at what we can't do, fear or even disgust at growing old.
Words can be said in bitterness and anger, and often there seems to be an element of truth in the nastiness. And words don't go away, they just echo around.
Religion can emerge in all forms of feeling: here wild anger, there the sweetest pain here consuming hatred, there the childlike smile of serene humility.
Fantastic tyrant of the amorous heart. How hard thy yoke, how cruel thy dart. Those escape your anger who refuse your sway, and those are punished most, who most obey.
I turned to music originally because of my past and needing a release or an outlet to get out anger or frustration or hurt.
Wars spring from unseen and generally insignificant causes, the first outbreak being often but an explosion of anger.
I have to say that anger is the blanket that comes around me, and that blunts and blurs my sense of proportion.
I'm fascinated by rap and by hip-hop. I think there's a lot of poetry in it. There's a lot of anger, a lot of social energy in it. And I think you'd better listen to it pretty carefully, 'cause it's important.
The bare recollection of anger kindles anger.
There was never an angry man that thought his anger unjust.
I think we all have a lot of darkness in our bellies. As an actor, the challenge of tapping into that, reaching down into that sadness or anger, is very therapeutic.
Allowing children to show their guilt, show their grief, show their anger, takes the sting out of the situation.
I think that Scottish people, like Canadians, are often misunderstood and what I like about my Scottish friends and relatives is how quickly it can go from love to anger. It's a great dynamic.
He who is incapable of feeling strong passions, of being shaken by anger, of living in every sense of the word, will never be a good actor.
Anger may repast with thee for an hour, but not repose for a night the continuance of anger is hatred, the continuance of hatred turns malice.
Yeah, to me, acting is very therapeutic. I get out a lot of anger and frustration.
I grew up looking at my father as to how to behave. In watching him I grasped so many things. His own temperament was of a calm person. He was very composed and I never saw anger in him. To me, that was fascinating.
All who consult on doubtful matters, should be void of hatred, friendship, anger, and pity.
Men make angry music and it's called rock-and-roll women include anger in their vocabulary and suddenly they're angry and militant.
I've been trying to learn how to not be so conflicted about things like my own anger. I've always had a place in my music for my anger as a way of compensating for not having a mechanism to express it in my everyday life. So I've been trying to be more true to myself, and that helps me to chill out a little bit. But politically, uh-uh. No.
For me music is a vehicle to bring our pain to the surface, getting it back to that humble and tender spot where, with luck, it can lose its anger and become compassion again.
In plain terms, a child is a complicated creature who can drive you crazy. There's a cruelty to childhood, there's an anger.
Anger is an expensive luxury in which only men of certain income can indulge.
I'm not a screamer. I'm confrontational, but I don't think that translates into anger.
All through life I've harbored anger rather than expressed it at the moment.
My passion and energy get mistaken for anger.
When we can lay down our fear and anger and choose responses other than aggression, we create the conditions for bringing out the best in us humans.
Your anger is a gift.
The great thing about celebrity culture is that they can't seem to stop themselves from displaying their ridiculous behaviour. I feel it's my job as a serious investigative journalist to witness all kinds of behaviour and then report back to the audience through the prism of my own anger and bitterness.
In general I was a good kid. It usually took a lot to make me mad. But once I reached the boiling point, I lost all rational control. Totally without thinking, when my anger was aroused, I grabbed the nearest brick, rock, or stick to bash someone. It was as if I had no conscious will in the matter.
Anger elicits anger, fear elicits fear, no matter how well meaning we may be.
Anger and hate against one we love steels our hearts, but contempt or pity leaves us silent and ashamed.
I have a right to my anger, and I don't want anybody telling me I shouldn't be, that it's not nice to be, and that something's wrong with me because I get angry.
I have some anger issues.
The intoxication of anger, like that of the grape, shows us to others, but hides us from ourselves.
The upside to anger? Getting it out of your system. You got to express your anger. Then you have room for more positive things. If I hold something in a long time, and then I speak it, it's amazing how the light shines so much brighter.
Anger has a way of seeping into every other emotion and planting itself in there.
Anger is a great force. If you control it, it can be transmuted into a power which can move the whole world.
It's usually a big kind of vent of frustration or anger or sadness that puts me in the right frame of mind to write. It's such a cliche to say that artists write when they're down, but it's true for me. It's a relief to get out what's eating away at my heart or my soul or my head.
Anger tears me up inside... My own... or anyone else's.
He took over anger to intimidate subordinates, and in time anger took over him.
We are losing sight of civility in government and politics. Debate and dialogue is taking a back seat to the politics of destruction and anger and control. Dogma has replaced thoughtful discussion between people of differing views.
I don't play pyrotechnic scales. I play about frustration, patience, anger. Music is an extension of my soul.
I'm not someone who feels anger on particular issues.
Take the high road. No matter how much strife, and consternation, frustration and anger you might be confronted with - don't go to that level.
Something my mum taught me years and years and years ago, is life's just too short to carry around a great bucket-load of anger and resentment and bitterness and hatreds and all that sort of stuff.
My humour has always come from anger, but I have to make sure I don't just get angry and jump on a soapbox.
Anger is a good motivator.
And I think there's something about conservatives frankly - and the Left, when it comes to their channels of persuasion, are unpersuasive. They are, most of them are hate-filled, obscenity-clogged rants of anger and hatred.
If anger proceeds from a great cause, it turns to fury if from a small cause, it is peevishness and so is always either terrible or ridiculous.
I accrued anger from people's low opinion of me and my work, and for the work I might be capable of.
I've learned that football sometimes was an outlet. It was a way for me to release anger, release frustration.
Anger is a momentary madness, so control your passion or it will control you.
It's a very difficult thing for people to accept, seeing women act out anger on the screen. We're more accustomed to seeing men expressing rage and women crying.
He best keeps from anger who remembers that God is always looking upon him.
I did not want to put myself on the line, as an Australian playing Britain's greatest comic actor. The fans of Sellers are obsessive, possessive - and aggressive. I did not want to risk their anger - or my own reputation.
On banks, I make no apology for attacking spivs and gamblers who did more harm to the British economy than Bob Crow could achieve in his wildest Trotskyite fantasies, while paying themselves outrageous bonuses underwritten by the taxpayer. There is much public anger about banks and it is well deserved.
Whether one agrees or disagrees with the tactics of the Occupy Wall Street movement, it's easy to understand the inspiration for its anger as well as its impatience.
When you learn that a truth is a lie, anger follows.
Good satire comes from anger. It comes from a sense of injustice, that there are wrongs in the world that need to be fixed. And what better place to get that well of venom and outrage boiling than a newsroom, because you're on the front lines.
In high school I dated a white woman. She would come to visit me on the rez. And her dad, who was very racist, didn't like that at all. And he told her one time, 'You shouldn't go on the rez if you're white because Indians have a lot of anger in their heart.'
I think anger and laughter are very close to each other, when you think about it.
All improv turns into anger. All comedy improv basically turns into anger, because that's all people know how to do when they're improvising. If you notice shows that are improvising are generally people yelling at each other.
As the plane got closer to Miami, I had this terrible feeling he was dying. Maybe he was telling me that he was going. I felt anger, panic, despair and helplessness.
Men are fair, and they have learned not to personalize anger - they can disagree with you and argue to the bone, but afterward they still consider you a nice person with whom the underlying human relationship need not be altered.
I guess because I had such a horrible life growing up, going from place to place not knowing what I was gonna do and ending up being homeless, there was a lot of pain and a lot of anger that was coming out through my guitar playing.
Wise anger is like fire from a flint: there is great ado to get it out and when it does come, it is out again immediately.
I had a lot of anger because I wasn't happy with the way I had been raised.
So I'm not worried about the emotions I carry with me, because I'm happy that I have them I think it's good for the work I do. The emotions that are not healthy are the ones you hold inside, like anger.
But one of the hardest things for me to do was to access anger. I could do it on stage. But when I did it on film it was hard for me. That probably has to do with the intimacy of film. And my own personal issues with expressing anger. So I had to learn how to do that.
To rule one's anger is well to prevent it is better.
I was able to do To Sleep with Anger, a very powerful film about African Americans, their spirituality, and the things that happened within a small community and a family.
The anger of lovers renews their love.
Life is precious and there's not a lot of room for anger.
I think I would cope like anyone copes with any tragedy. I'm sure I would be very upset for a while and then there would come a point where I would either have to stay in this place of darkness and anger, or I'd have to accept that it happened.
Everybody kind of perceives me as being angry. It's not anger, it's motivation.
There are people still in the Republican Party that I believe practice the communication of anger, of disappointment, of regret, of pain, of sorrow, of suffering. That's not what the American people want to hear.
I've purged myself of bitterness and anger and remained open to love.
Imagine a thousand more such daily intrusions in your life, every hour and minute of every day, and you can grasp the source of this paranoia, this anger that could consume me at any moment if I lost control.
There is an element of anger among women who've been raped. There's certainly a major element of humiliation. But it really does seem like a medical condition of shock and horror.
When you start suppressing feelings at an early age, it hurts you down the road. Full expression of anger and pain is very important.
I was very fortunate to play sports. All the anger in me went out. I had to do what I had to do. If you stay angry all the time, then you really don't have a good life.
I understand Tea Partyers' anger with the system, but they are in way over their heads and often racially motivated, and I can't be part of that.
I do like to write nasty songs. It's a useful weapon to have, and it's cathartic as well, because I create art out of anger, something positive out of something negative.
As a culture I see us as presently deprived of subtleties. The music is loud, the anger is elevated, sex seems lacking in sweetness and privacy.
I was a pretty angry kid, and I got into military history largely as a way to vent my own anger. As I got older it narrowed down to a more specific focus on individual violence. I'm just trying to understand where it came from.
I get in trouble when I say things like, 'I'm attracted to violence.' I was a pretty angry kid, and I got into military history largely as a way to vent my own anger. As I got older it narrowed down to a more specific focus on individual violence. I'm just trying to understand where it came from.
Anger is a transient hatred or at least very like it.
That's the conundrum of cartoon stripping, as opposed to political cartoons. When your anger is the driving force of your drawing hand, failure follows. The anger is OK, but it has to serve the interests of the heart, frankly.
Generalised anger and frustration is something that gets you in the studio, and gets you to work - though it's not necessarily evident in anything that's finished.
Most men's anger about religion is as if two men should quarrel for a lady they neither of them care for.
But on second thought, after I decreed the state of emergency, I came to the conclusion that that was impossible to achieve without bloodshed because the street protesters were full of anger and nearly out of control. This is why I thought we needed to find another way out.
I suppose there's an anger in all of us. Some hidden rage that you keep at bay.
Deep down, my mom had long suspected I was gay... Much of her anger and hurt came from her sense of betrayal that she was the last to be told.
I'm generally quite an angry person, and I like to channel my anger toward something creative.
I think there is a big difference between expressing the pain and anger that many African Americans and other people of color may feel versus language that I think now crosses the line and goes into hate.
Being told about the effects of climate change is an appeal to our reason and to our desire to bring about change. But to see that Africans are the hardest hit by climate change, even though they generate almost no greenhouse gas, is a glaring injustice, which also triggers anger and outrage over those who seek to ignore it.
I've spent a lot of time and money trying to keep my anger in control.
Fear is the only true enemy, born of ignorance and the parent of anger and hate.
The anger of a person who is strong, can always bide its time.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance.
I am ready to accept all accusations, allegations, anger - but I have to succeed.
Indulge not thyself in the passion of anger it is whetting a sword to wound thine own breast, or murder thy friend.
I guess lyrically they're similar because they're talking about escaping the kind of misery that likes company. 'The Last One Alive,' for me, is very simple. It's just about alienation, really, that causes anger.
What if you threw a protest and no one showed up? The lack of angst and anger and emotion is a big positive.
I did not think that I was angry, but clearly anger was reflected in my writing. I did not think that I had been affected emotionally, but it was clear from my writing that I was still very emotional about the trial some six months after it ended.
Every child senses, with all the horse sense that's in him, that any parent is angry inside when children misbehave and they dread more the anger that is rarely or never expressed openly, wondering how awful it might be.
I was never jailed. The fact is that I was arrested, but I went into a diversion programme, and by that time I'd already begun working in what was called anger management. It was a painful and awful moment.
Keep your temper. A decision made in anger is never sound.
Because society would rather we always wore a pretty face, women have been trained to cut off anger.
Unless and until Barack Obama addresses the full depth of Americans' anger with his full arsenal of policy smarts and political gifts, his presidency and, worse, our economy will be paralyzed.
The Anger Management Tour was another beautiful thing. I loved that tour.
I've always turned my anger inwards towards self-destruction.
Our task, of course, is to transmute the anger that is affliction into the anger that is determination to bring about change. I think, in fact, that one could give that as a definition of revolution.
Bosnia is under my skin. It's the place you cannot leave behind. I was obsessed by the nightmare of it all there was this sense of guilt, and an anger that has become something much deeper over these last years.
Our second phase was to develop a school curriculum that teaches tolerance, respect for differences, conflict resolution, anger management, and other attributes of peace.
The American people are smart. They've gotten sick of the predictable hyperpartisan talking points and canned anger.
I share the anger, but, ultimately, to govern this country, it takes more than anger. It takes experience. It takes positions that reflect the best values of the American people.
If either player abandon the game by quitting the table in anger, or in an otherwise offensive manner or by momentarily resigning the game or refuses to abide by the decision of the Umpire, the game must be scored against him.
After my second-to-last record, 'The Greatest', I had gone on tour for a while, and I didn't play an instrument for about five years. And I got kind of - it's not self-esteem or whatever, or anger toward myself - but disappointed in myself that I hadn't been challenging myself to learn musically.
That feeds anger, and I mean when we went and at last thank heavens got towards peace in Northern Ireland we went for justice within Northern Ireland as well as using security well, as well as a political settlement, but surely that is the lesson.
And we know there has been horrendous loss of life and suffering and we know that there is anger. Anyone who came anywhere near the general election in constituencies with a substantial Muslim population knows that.
Anger may be kindled in the noblest breasts: but in these slow droppings of an unforgiving temper never takes the shape of consistency of enduring hatred.
I've chosen my wedding ring large and heavy to continue forever. But exactly because of that all the time that Dave and I have an argument I feel it like handcuffs, and on anger time I throw it in a basket. Poor Dave, he bought me three wedding rings already!
So many women keep their anger inside and let it build until they explode and then people blow them off again.
Anger's not a good emotion.
I also had to work through the violation of my date rape, my unhealthy relationships with men, my anger toward the people involved in the scandal, and those who exploited me afterwards.
Fairest and dearest, your wrath and anger are more heavy than I can bear but learn that I cannot tell what you wish me to say without sinning against my honour too grievously.
Violence is a problem we all want to solve. I want to make sure that kids learn to deal with anger by learning how to talk with people to solve problems. Here in the United States Senate I want to make sure we have safe schools, safe neighborhoods and good things for kids to do after school!
My heart has been heavy and I have deliberated within my own conscience, knowing that my decision should not come out of my initial emotion of anger toward the President for such reckless behavior, but should be based on the facts.
Insurgents have capitalized on popular resentment and anger towards the United States and the Iraqi government to build their own political, financial and military support, and the faith of Iraqi citizens in their new government has been severely undermined.
I had a lot of anger inside me and that came out at times that were not particularly advantageous to me career-wise.
Another night, I dreamed I saw my father sweeping out the barn floor clean, and would not suffer the wheat to be brought in the barn. He appeared to me to be in anger.
Us investigators who went out into the field were faced on occasion with a lot of anger, by people saying why has it taken you five or six year to come and see me?
I like people and get along, and I'm afraid to express my anger and my rage.
I was shocked at the anger toward me.
My anger with the US was not at first, that they had used that weapon - although that anger came later.
A little anger is a good thing if it isn't on your own behalf, if it's for others deserving of your anger, your empathy.
The anger that Uncle Junior has comes from my background. My father was the son of an Italian immigrant, and I've seen the fire of the Italian temperament. It can be explosive sometimes in ways that are both funny and tragic.
The quickest way to defuse fear or insecurity or anger is usually humor. I think comics figure that out quickly, and, once you figure it out, you think, 'Hey, if I can do this and get paid, that would be kind of cool.'
I may have been the only candidate in America who failed to ride the wave of anti-establishment anger to victory.
The preparation, commitment and desire to win will be no less than the last time I drove a grand prix car in anger.
There's no anger ever in a spiritual. There's always the dream of a hope of a better day coming. That God understands the troubles that I'm experiencing.
I want to express myself to feel that what I feel is real. My joy, my pain, my anger.
It absolutely helped - to write the father in both 'Juicy' and 'Beasts,' I had to see the whole story from his point of view. All of a sudden I understood more of what my own father must be going through - the fear, the frustration, the anger... the hope that he'll leave a legacy.
Whoever incites anger has a strong insurance against indifference.
I think a certain amount of anger has been a fuel of mine, if you want - but also some sort of sadness, and plain mischief, of course.
The reason why I love people, and writing about them, is because they don't always respond with hate and anger. If they did I wouldn't have a story to tell. Who wants to know about someone who was brutalised and became brutal? I'm interested in the exceptions.
You can survive with anger, but you can't live with it forever.
The nice thing about anger is that, as an emotion, it's strong enough to unplug me from the comedian's mind for a minute and just be a frustrated member of the citizenry.
I think people should be angry at things that are worthy of anger. Injustice is outrageous and deserves outrage.
Successful prime-time television of any genre produces some kind of emotional reaction in the viewers. There are a lot of different emotions to tap into. The emotion of the reward of discovery, the feeling of righteous anger, the feelings of pathos and sadness, or sentimentality of being moved by something.
My character had been in the chair for seven years. He had gone through his anger, depression, drug and alcohol abuse. He had gone through everything, now he was up, he was happy, he was filled with his dream.
I realised one day that men are emotional cripples. We can't express ourselves emotionally, we can only do it with anger and humour. Emotional stability and expression comes from women.
My hope is that out of all the anger and seeming hostility that we hear in some of today's music will come some sort of coalition that will become politically involved.
I'm not angry, I'm not an angry person, but I do sometimes like playing with the perception of anger, as in pretending that I'm more angry than I actually am, and sometimes it works quite well.
With Stacy, it was interesting because you know he was within all this chaos, all these different lives that were so broken and so much anger and so much frustration and their skating came out of that, their different styles came out of that.
I use the music to vent, and a lot of the stuff that I am writing about or was writing about contained a lot of anger and anxiety, stress and depression, so that's how the album came out so dark.
I don't think I could play a character that I couldn't relate to somehow. I'm not unfamiliar with frustration, anger, shame, helplessness and a load of other emotions that make up our psycho-soup. I try to focus on that frustration, that sense of unfairness, and multiply it.
I'm really busted up over this and I'm very, very sorry to those people in the audience, the blacks, the Hispanics, whites - everyone that was there that took the brunt of that anger and hate and rage and how it came through.
The anger that appears to be building up between the sexes becomes more virulent with every day that passes. And far from women taking the blame... the fact is that men are invariably portrayed as the bad guys. Being a good man is like being a good Nazi.
For a long time I thought I could deal with my anger and hostility on my own. But I couldn't. I denied that it had affected me, and yet I was so frantic on the inside with other people: I needed to be constantly reassured.
The poor monkey, quietly seated on the ground, seemed to be in sore trouble at this display of anger.
It is only with burning anger that we can speak of this attack by counter-revolutionary reactionary elements against the capital of our country, against our people's democratic order and the power of the working class.
The anger in the Brigade against those who fought the Republic in the rear was sharpened by reports of weapons, even tanks, being kept from the front and hidden for treacherous purposes.
In the final analysis, the incident is seen as originating from an emotional expression of the frustration and anger of the proud people of China who had been subject to ever increasing oppression from without and decadent corruption from within.
Our humor turns our anger into a fine art.
Anger is implanted in us as sort of sting, to make us gnash with our teeth against the devil, to make us vehement against him, not to set us in array against each other.
When anger rushes unrestrained to action, like a hot steed, it stumbles on its way. The man of thought strikes deepest and strikes safely.
I think that all the anger and cynicism comes from suppressing things that we always wanted.
There is not in nature, a thing that makes man so deformed, so beastly, as doth intemperate anger.
In the heat of our campaigns, we have all become accustomed to a little anger and exaggeration. Yet, on the whole, our political process has served us well.
I don't have the feeling of being motivated by anger, revenge or frustration.
Anger is seldom without argument but seldom with a good one.
As a system of philosophy it is not like the Tower of Babel, so daring its high aim as to seek a shelter against God's anger but it is like a pyramid poised on its apex.
Anger becomes limiting, restricting. You can't see through it. While anger is there, look at that, too. But after a while, you have to look at something else.
I love each and every one of you but, like my own family, you thrill, you frustrate, you anger.
More marriages might survive if the partners realized that sometimes the better comes after the worse.
We are not the same persons this year as last nor are those we love. It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person.
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage.
Marriage is the most natural state of man, and... the state in which you will find solid happiness.
Marriage is an alliance entered into by a man who can't sleep with the window shut, and a woman who can't sleep with the window open.
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.
The heart of marriage is memories and if the two of you happen to have the same ones and can savor your reruns, then your marriage is a gift from the gods.
Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him.
Marriage is an act of will that signifies and involves a mutual gift, which unites the spouses and binds them to their eventual souls, with whom they make up a sole family - a domestic church.
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time.
You will reciprocally promise love, loyalty and matrimonial honesty. We only want for you this day that these words constitute the principle of your entire life and that with the help of divine grace you will observe these solemn vows that today, before God, you formulate.
Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing. She goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.
Why does a woman work ten years to change a man's habits and then complain that he's not the man she married?
One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul.
A lot of good love can happen in ten years.
Chains do not hold a marriage together. It is threads, hundreds of tiny threads, which sew people together through the years.
Under this window in stormy weather I marry this man and woman together Let none but Him who rules the thunder Put this man and woman asunder.
The bonds of matrimony are like any other bonds - they mature slowly.
I've been in love with the same woman for forty-one years. If my wife finds out, she'll kill me.
Never tell a secret to a bride or a groom wait until they have been married longer.
I think you have to be willing to take a bullet for somebody if you're going to stand up there, take your vows, and be married to them for the rest of your life.
Married people from my generation are like an endangered species!
That there's no more important decision in life than who you marry.
Marriage is a coming together for better or for worse, hopefully enduring, and intimate to the degree of being sacred.
You marry somebody you love everything about them. You grow to learn about them. You never learn everything.
Love is not weakness. It is strong. Only the sacrament of marriage can contain it.
Love grows more tremendously full, swift, poignant, as the years multiply.
Each year on the anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.'s birth, America has the opportunity to reflect on our nation's progress towards the realization of his dream.
So I think you have to marry for the right reasons, and marry the right person.
The day before the anniversary of D-Day, we lost a man who was equaled by few and surpassed by none as a leader in the cause of freedom: Ronald Reagan.
Since I wrote to you last we have got our chapel beautifully lighted with gas and have had our anniversary.
So while an incredible amount of progress has been made, on this fifth anniversary, I wanted to come here and tell the people of this city directly: My administration is going to stand with you - and fight alongside you - until the job is done. Until New Orleans is all the way back, all the way.
I've been sober for two-and-a-half years, My children are happy. In August, my wife and I will celebrate our fifteenth wedding anniversary. My band is back together with a sold-out tour.
On this important anniversary, we must remember that while we have come a long way in eliminating barriers, critical work remains to ensure all Americans can live up to their full potential.
It is a matter of public shame that while we have now commemorated our hundredth anniversary, not one in every ten children attending Public schools throughout the colonies is acquainted with a single historical fact about Australia.
This anniversary serves to help remind the American people that, in the wake of one of the greatest political scandals and misuse of power in our history as a nation, scandal produced important reforms that served this nation well for two decades.
Actually, the year anniversary of what you just heard, my son Grahame and I are going to be in a play together, and I'm acting for the first time in front of an audience that doesn't consist of a high school drama class.
It was very hard for all of us. It's still very hard. The anniversary of his death just passed, and every single one of his friends, still, after all these years... it's unbelievable.
My last trip to New Orleans was for the fifth anniversary of Katrina, and I had the awesome opportunity to bring my family down. We all worked on a house together and met some of the families.
We shape our buildings thereafter they shape us.
Whatever good things we build end up building us.
I don't build in order to have clients. I have clients in order to build.
A building has integrity just like a man. And just as seldom.
Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age.
We require from buildings two kinds of goodness: first, the doing their practical duty well: then that they be graceful and pleasing in doing it.
An architect's most useful tools are an eraser at the drafting board, and a wrecking bar at the site.
Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.
Architecture should speak of its time and place, but yearn for timelessness.
Less is more.
I don't divide architecture, landscape and gardening to me they are one.
Architecture is the art of how to waste space.
My passion and great enjoyment for architecture, and the reason the older I get the more I enjoy it, is because I believe we - architects - can effect the quality of life of the people.
Building art is a synthesis of life in materialised form. We should try to bring in under the same hat not a splintered way of thinking, but all in harmony together.
The higher the building the lower the morals.
A house is a machine for living in.
A great building must begin with the unmeasurable, must go through measurable means when it is being designed and in the end must be unmeasurable.
Those who look for the laws of Nature as a support for their new works collaborate with the creator.
Architecture is basically a container of something. I hope they will enjoy not so much the teacup, but the tea.
Architecture is the learned game, correct and magnificent, of forms assembled in the light.
I believe that the way people live can be directed a little by architecture.
Space has always been the spiritual dimension of architecture. It is not the physical statement of the structure so much as what it contains that moves us.
Great buildings that move the spirit have always been rare. In every case they are unique, poetic, products of the heart.
Architecture starts when you carefully put two bricks together. There it begins.
I try to give people a different way of looking at their surroundings. That's art to me.
Architecture is the reaching out for the truth.
We should concentrate our work not only to a separated housing problem but housing involved in our daily work and all the other functions of the city.
Make big plans aim high in hope and work, remembering that a noble, logical diagram once recorded will not die.
Architecture arouses sentiments in man. The architect's task therefore, is to make those sentiments more precise.
To provide meaningful architecture is not to parody history but to articulate it.
To me, a building - if it's beautiful - is the love of one man, he's made it out of his love for space, materials, things like that.
Form follows profit is the aesthetic principle of our times.
Warmth isn't what minimalists are thought to have.
But the building's identity resided in the ornament.
It is not the beauty of a building you should look at its the construction of the foundation that will stand the test of time.
I hate vacations. If you can build buildings, why sit on the beach?
A city building, you experience when you walk a suburban building, you experience when you drive.
Every building is a prototype. No two are alike.
The loftier the building, the deeper must the foundation be laid.
I love building spaces: architecture, furniture, all of it, probably more than fashion. The development procedure is more tactile. It's about space and form and it's something you can share with other people.
Architecture is a visual art, and the buildings speak for themselves.
We build buildings which are terribly restless. And buildings don't go anywhere. They shouldn't be restless.
Architecture tends to consume everything else, it has become one's entire life.
What people want, above all, is order.
The interior of the house personifies the private world the exterior of it is part of the outside world.
If you give people nothingness, they can ponder what can be achieved from that nothingness.
Nothing requires the architect's care more than the due proportions of buildings.
Proportions are what makes the old Greek temples classic in their beauty. They are like huge blocks, from which the air has been literally hewn out between the columns.
Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things that's all.
Not many architects have the luxury to reject significant things.
Cities are the greatest creations of humanity.
No architect troubled to design houses that suited people who were to live in them, because that would have meant building a whole range of different houses. It was far cheaper and, above all, timesaving to make them identical.
If I have a style, I am not aware of it.
Don't clap too hard - it's a very old building.
Form follows function.
The work of art shows people new directions and thinks of the future. The house thinks of the present.
My buildings don't speak in words but by means of their own spaciousness.
Designed by architects with honorable intentions but hands of palsy.
The dialogue between client and architect is about as intimate as any conversation you can have, because when you're talking about building a house, you're talking about dreams.
The Romans were not inventors of the supporting arch, but its extended use in vaults and intersecting barrel shapes and domes is theirs.
The bungalow had more to do with how Americans live today than any other building that has gone remotely by the name of architecture in our history.
Color in certain places has the great value of making the outlines and structural planes seem more energetic.
In any architecture, there is an equity between the pragmatic function and the symbolic function.
At a certain point, I just put the building and the art impulse together. I decided that building was a legitimate way to make sculpture.
For many years, I have lived uncomfortably with the belief that most planning and architectural design suffers for lack of real and basic purpose. The ultimate purpose, it seems to me, must be the improvement of mankind.
The frightening thought that what you draw may become a building makes for reasoned lines.
Buildings should serve people, not the other way around.
Architects in the past have tended to concentrate their attention on the building as a static object. I believe dynamics are more important: the dynamics of people, their interaction with spaces and environmental condition.
My buildings will be my legacy... they will speak for me long after I'm gone.
Rome has not seen a modern building in more than half a century. It is a city frozen in time.
Even at the United Nations, where legend has it that the building was designed so that there could be no corner offices, the expanse of glass in individual offices is said to be a dead giveaway as to rank. Five windows are excellent, one window not so great.
I have designed the most buildings of any living American architect.
I am but an architectural composer.
As a designer, the mission with which we have been charged is simple: providing space at the right cost.
They can do without architecture who have no olives nor wines in the cellar.
I call architecture frozen music.
Fashion is architecture: it is a matter of proportions.
The greatest advances of civilization, whether in architecture or painting, in science and literature, in industry or agriculture, have never come from centralized government.
I paint mostly from real life. It has to start with that. Real people, real street scenes, behind the curtain scenes, live models, paintings, photographs, staged setups, architecture, grids, graphic design. Whatever it takes to make it work.
Prose is architecture, not interior decoration, and the Baroque is over.
Switzerland is a small, steep country, much more up and down than sideways, and is all stuck over with large brown hotels built on the cuckoo clock style of architecture.
The ancient Romans built their greatest masterpieces of architecture, their amphitheaters, for wild beasts to fight in.
Architecture has recorded the great ideas of the human race. Not only every religious symbol, but every human thought has its page in that vast book.
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds.
All architecture is great architecture after sunset perhaps architecture is really a nocturnal art, like the art of fireworks.
Every man's work, whether it be literature, or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.
I was planning to go into architecture. But when I arrived, architecture was filled up. Acting was right next to it, so I signed up for acting instead.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Architecture begins where engineering ends.
The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization.
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
It is impossible, as impossible as to raise the dead, to restore anything that has ever been great or beautiful in architecture. That which I have insisted upon as the life of the whole, that spirit which is given only by the hand and eye of the workman, can never be recalled.
A man of eighty has outlived probably three new schools of painting, two of architecture and poetry and a hundred in dress.
No architecture is so haughty as that which is simple.
It seems a fantastic paradox, but it is nevertheless a most important truth, that no architecture can be truly noble which is not imperfect.
Organic architecture seeks superior sense of use and a finer sense of comfort, expressed in organic simplicity.
Convinced as I am and as I am from my government that the world needs a new moral architecture over all I believe that this should be the first topic to debate in our world of today, ethics, moral.
Maybe we can show government how to operate better as a result of better architecture. Eventually, I think Chicago will be the most beautiful great city left in the world.
Noble life demands a noble architecture for noble uses of noble men. Lack of culture means what it has always meant: ignoble civilization and therefore imminent downfall.
Architecture is the will of an epoch translated into space.
All the revision in the world will not save a bad first draft: for the architecture of the thing comes, or fails to come, in the first conception, and revision only affects the detail and ornament, alas!
All architecture is shelter, all great architecture is the design of space that contains, cuddles, exalts, or stimulates the persons in that space.
Even though I build buildings and I pursue my architecture, I pursue it as an artist. I deliberately keep a tiny studio. I don't want to be an architectural firm. I want to remain an artist.
Engineering, medicine, business, architecture and painting are concerned not with the necessary but with the contingent - not with how things are but with how they might be - in short, with design.
Poetry is not only dream and vision it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.
The art of dancing stands at the source of all the arts that express themselves first in the human person. The art of building, or architecture, is the beginning of all the arts that lie outside the person and in the end they unite.
All real education is the architecture of the soul.
Nothing is as dangerous in architecture as dealing with separated problems. If we split life into separated problems we split the possibilities to make good building art.
The details are the very source of expression in architecture. But we are caught in a vice between art and the bottom line.
Architecture theory is very interesting.
Today's developer is a poor substitute for the committed entrepreneur of the last century for whom the work of architecture represented a chance to celebrate the worth of his enterprise.
Rationalism is the enemy of art, though necessary as a basis for architecture.
When you look at Japanese traditional architecture, you have to look at Japanese culture and its relationship with nature. You can actually live in a harmonious, close contact with nature - this very unique to Japan.
I would have liked maybe to be in architecture or painting, something connected to the fine arts.
The principle of the Gothic architecture is infinity made imaginable.
Consider the momentous event in architecture when the wall parted and the column became.
Architecture and building is about how you get around the obstacles that are presented to you. That sometimes determines how successful you'll be: How good are you at going around obstacles?
I could have been an architect, but I don't think I'd have been very happy. Nearly all modern architecture is a silly game as far as I can see.
I see music as fluid architecture.
Architecture doesn't come from theory. You don't think your way through a building.
Does an architecture to assuage the spirit have a place?
The new architecture of transparency and lightness comes from Japan and Europe.
The way of architecture is the quiet voice that underlies it and has guided it from the beginning.
Vitality is radiated from exceptional art and architecture.
We are stymied by regulations, limited choice and the threat of litigation. Neither consultants nor industry itself provide research which takes architecture forward.
To work in architecture you are so much involved with society, with politics, with bureaucrats. It's a very complicated process to do large projects. You start to see the society, how it functions, how it works. Then you have a lot of criticism about how it works.
If architecture is frozen music then music must be liquid architecture.
To create architecture is to put in order. Put what in order? Function and objects.
I left science, then I went into art, but I approach things very analytically. I choose to pursue both art and architecture as completely separate fields rather than merging them.
The process I go through in the art and the architecture, I actually want it to be almost childlike. Sometimes I think it's magical.
In art or architecture your project is only done when you say it's done. If you want to rip it apart at the eleventh hour and start all over again, you never finish. I was one of those crazy creatures.
I loved logic, math, computer programming. I loved systems and logic approaches. And so I just figured architecture is this perfect combination.
Art is very tricky because it's what you do for yourself. It's much harder for me to make those works than the monuments or the architecture.
I'm drawn to furniture design as complete architecture on a minor scale.
The British political system and the whole clapped out Westminster architecture, and the language that we use about politics, it's completely unsustainable. You either decide to be part of that transition to do something different. Or you cling to old certainties.
I got into this little habit of architecture and building. I designed a house in Colorado and one in Hawaii. The idea is supposed to be build and sell - but then I can never bring myself to sell them.
The only job that was ever of interest to me other than filmmaking is architecture.
I would like my architecture to inspire people to use their own resources, to move into the future.
Any architectural project we do takes at least four or five years, so increasingly there is a discrepancy between the acceleration of culture and the continuing slowness of architecture.
Architecture, of all the arts, is the one which acts the most slowly, but the most surely, on the soul.
In architecture the idea degenerated. Design allows a more direct and pleasurable route.
Post-Modernism was a reaction against Modernism. It came quite early to music and literature, and a little later to architecture. And I think it's still coming to computer science.
Liquid architecture. It's like jazz - you improvise, you work together, you play off each other, you make something, they make something. And I think it's a way of - for me, it's a way of trying to understand the city, and what might happen in the city.
I see the Beijing National Stadium as an architectural project. I accepted Herzog and De Meuron's invitation to collaborate on the design, and our proposal won the competition. From beginning to end, I stayed with the project. I am committed to fostering relationships between a city and its architecture.
The building of the architecture of a novel - the craft of it - is something I never tire of.
I strive for an architecture from which nothing can be taken away.
It's my goal to make a building as immaterial as possible. Architecture is a very material thing. It takes a lot of resources, so why not eliminate what you don't need as long as you're able to achieve the same result?
The American attitude towards efficiency and execution should always underlie architecture.
The architecture profession has lost a lot of its integrity, especially in the USA. The general architect here has no scruples, no ambitions.
I'd like to do a lot of things - whether in design or architecture or business.
So what we have tried to do in our later buildings is to try to be completely consistent, as a painter is consistent or as a sculptor is consistent. Architecture also must be very consistent.
Japanese architecture is very much copied in this country and in Europe.
If you examine this, I think that you will find that it's the mechanics of Japanese architecture that have been thought of as the direct influence upon our architecture.
If a building becomes architecture, then it is art.
Victorian architecture in the United States was copied straight from England.
The logic of Palladian architecture presented an aesthetic formula which could be applied universally.
The English light is so very subtle, so very soft and misty, that the architecture responded with great delicacy of detail.
The Egyptian contribution to architecture was more concerned with remembering the dead than the living.
Of all the lessons most relevant to architecture today, Japanese flexibility is the greatest.
Georgian architecture respected the scale of both the individual and the community.
French architecture always manages to combine the most magnificent underlying themes of architecture like Roman design, it looks to the community.
Japanese traditional architecture is created based on these conditions. This is the reason you have a very high degree of connection between the outside and inside in architecture.
The speed of change makes you wonder what will become of architecture.
Without this spirit, Modernist architecture cannot fully exist. Since there is often a mismatch between the logic and the spirit of Modernism, I use architecture to reconcile the two.
Italy is full of historical buildings. And Europe holds a great history of philosophy from Greece until today. I read all those books and see these buildings, and I think of where I stand when I design my architecture.
All those involved in the construction of an architectural design, from the architect to the builder, have an attachment to the architecture, although it's difficult to quantify the attachment.
Japanese architecture is traditionally based on wooden structures that need renovating on a regular basis.
Spiritual space is lost in gaining convenience. I saw the need to create a mixture of Japanese spiritual culture and modern western architecture.
People can inhabit anything. And they can be miserable in anything and ecstatic in anything. More and more I think that architecture has nothing to do with it. Of course, that's both liberating and alarming.
Until the Eighties, Oslo was a rather boring town, but it's changed a lot, and is now much more cosmopolitan. If I go downtown, I visit the harbour to see the tall ships and the ferries, and to admire the modern architecture such as the Opera House or the new Astrup Fearnley Museum on the water's edge.
Every time a student walks past a really urgent, expressive piece of architecture that belongs to his college, it can help reassure him that he does have that mind, does have that soul.
My house is my refuge, an emotional piece of architecture, not a cold piece of convenience.
We all love musical architecture there's no doubt about that.
Architecture in general is frozen music.
Painting, sculpture and architecture are finished, but the art habit continues.
Bridges are perhaps the most invisible form of public architecture.
Look, architecture has a lot of places to hide behind, a lot of excuses. 'The client made me do this.' 'The city made me do this.' 'Oh, the budget.' I don't believe that anymore.
In fact, it will be very easy to climb the building because of its shape and architecture.
Charles was very intent to use his years as Prince of Wales to make his mark while he still had freedom of maneuver that he wouldn't have as King. The first subject he really went for was architecture. It made an impact.
It was the drawing that led me to architecture, the search for light and astonishing forms.
I search for surprise in my architecture. A work of art should cause the emotion of newness.
Trying to describe something musical is like dancing to architecture, it's really difficult.
Of the individual poems, some are more lyric and some are more descriptive or narrative. Each poem is fixed in a moment. All those moments written or read together take on the movement and architecture of a narrative.
I don't know why I've always been so captivated by architecture.
The two elements the traveler first captures in the big city are extra human architecture and furious rhythm. Geometry and anguish.
But I absolutely believe that architecture is a social activity that has to do with some sort of communication or places of interaction, and that to change the environment is to change behaviour.
Architecture is inhabited sculpture.
And when an architect has designed a house with large windows, which is a necessity today in order to pull the daylight into these very deep houses, then curtains come to play a big role in architecture.
I don't see that any buildings should be excluded from the term architecture, as long as they are done properly.
If architecture had nothing to do with art, it would be astonishingly easy to build houses, but the architect's task - his most difficult task - is always that of selecting.
In addressing a task, one almost always has several possible options, sometimes only a few, and they may all be practical and functional. But they lack the aesthetic aspect that raises it to architecture.
If architecture is, as is sometimes said, music set in concrete, then football and basketball may be said to be creativity embodied in team sports.
The architecture of a story can be a little bit different if it's a true story.
Chicago is known for good steaks, expensive stores and beautiful architecture. Unfortunately, the Windy City also enjoys a reputation for corrupt politics, violent crime, and some of the strictest gun control laws anywhere in the country.
We think of enterprise architecture as the process we use for fully describing and mapping business functionality and business requirements and relating them to information systems requirements.
Escape from the architecture ghetto is one of the major drivers and has been from the very beginning.
The intellectual force of the West is still dominant, but other cultures are getting stronger. I expect that we will develop a new way of thinking in architecture and urban planning, and that less will be based on our models.
People kind of tend to mystify design and architecture by suggesting you need to train.
I mean, certainly writing, painting, photography, dance, architecture, there is an aspect of almost every art form that is useful and that merges into film in some way.
I could be happy doing something like architecture. It would involve another couple of years of graduate school, but that's what I studied in college. That's what I always wanted to do.
My interest in architecture has always been sculptural. Most of my photography is of architecture.
Architecture is a science arising out of many other sciences, and adorned with much and varied learning by the help of which a judgment is formed of those works which are the result of other arts.
Of course I know very little about architecture, and the older I get the less I know.
Architecture is about public space held by buildings.
Architecture is a slow business, and city planning even slower.
I don't find Hollywood interesting, so I'm thinking of studying architecture instead.
Architecture is a art when one consciously or unconsciously creates aesthetic emotion in the atmosphere and when this environment produces well being.
Every one who has a heart, however ignorant of architecture he may be, feels the transcendent beauty and poetry of the mediaeval churches.
Yet for my part, deeply as I am moved by the religious architecture of the Middle Ages, I cannot honestly say that I ever felt the slightest emotion in any modern Gothic church.
Winning a competition in architecture is a ticket to oblivion. It's just an idea. Ninety-nine per cent never get built.
I studied architecture in New York. So, really I was very moved, like everyone else, to try to contribute something that has that resonance and profundity of it means to all of us.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
When I'm in London, Claridge's is a great favourite. I'm a big fan of art deco architecture and the rooms are extraordinary.
I take a lot from everywhere. I take from music, architecture, novels, and plays. Anywhere that hits you.
I've never owned an Apple product. I like the fact that PCs are open architecture and not locked down like Apple products. I feel that Macs are also unjustifiably overpriced.
I've always liked traveling around Europe and seeing the architecture. The buildings in capital cities have been there for hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of years. Some look better than the new ones.
At this present time, matter is still the best way to think of architecture, but I'm not so sure for very long. The computer is radicalizing the way we think about our world.
If you're into architecture and you're from the West, everything is hors d'oeuvres for working to rebuild the Temple. Ultimately you're led there. You can't escape it.
You can just drift unhappily towards this vision of heaven on earth, and ultimately that is what architecture is a vision of: Heaven on earth, at it's best.
The intellectual architecture means focusing on doing great work instead of focusing on agency politics.
The team architecture means setting up an organization that helps people produce that great work in teams.
One of my favorite vacation places is Miami, because of the people, the water and the beach - of course - and the architecture on Miami Beach is so wonderful.
I would fix other people's lines if they asked me on occasion. The hard part of writing is the architecture of it, getting the story and structuring it. Not the tweaking of lines.
But those musics do not address the larger kind of architecture in time that classical music does, whatever each one of us knows that classical music must mean.
I quit college. I was studying architecture for about a year.
It is not with architecture that one can disseminate any political ideology.
Architecture will always express the technical and social progress of the country in which it is carried out. If we wish to give it the human content that it lacks, we must participate in the political struggle.
Architecture is my work, and I've spent my whole life at a drawing board, but life is more important than architecture. What matters is to improve human beings.
Architecture is invention.
When I write now I do not invent situation, characters, or actions, but rather structures and discursive forms, textual groupings which are combined according to secret affinities among themselves, as in architecture or the plastic arts.
The organizational architecture is really that a centipede walks on hundred legs and one or two don't count. So if I lose one or two legs, the process will go on, the organization will go on, the growth will go on.
Does it follow that the house has nothing in common with art and is architecture not to be included in the arts? Only a very small part of architecture belongs to art: the tomb and the monument. Everything else that fulfils a function is to be excluded from the domain of art.
Architecture is involved with the world, but at the same time it has a certain autonomy. This autonomy cannot be explained in terms of traditional logic because the most interesting parts of the work are non-verbal. They operate within the terms of the work, like any art.
I'm often called an old-fashioned modernist. But the modernists had the absurd idea that architecture could heal the world. That's impossible. And today nobody expects architects to have these grand visions any more.
The aesthetic of architecture has to be rooted in a broader idea about human activities like walking, relaxing and communicating. Architecture thinks about how these activities can be given added value.
You might say that when you step inside, you're entering a honorific space, but that's something totally different than experiencing it. And in architecture the experience comes first. That has the deepest effect on us.
In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending your left leg, it's modern architecture.
I love a lot of things, and I'm pretty much obsessive about most things I do, whether it be gardening, or architecture, or music. I'd be an obsessive hairdresser.
Doctrines provide an architecture for both Republican and Democrat presidents to carry out policies.
That Moorish architecture is all over the place, of course. It affects me everywhere I see it, as it does so many people. But Brand Library was a special place to me, and I know I've paid homage to it many times in my drawings.
Information and inspiration are everywhere... history, art, architecture, everything an illustrator needs. Europe is, after all, the land that has generated most of the enduring myths and legends of Western culture.
Once I got out of architecture school I decided not to be an architect, I just started my own little design studio.
I went to school for engineering, I studied jazz. So I always had this kind of creative side and technical side, and I thought architecture might be the way to combine them, so I went to architecture school in New York.
An important work of architecture will create polemics.
The same sort of thing happened in my dispute with the National Trust book: Follies: A National Trust Guide, which implied that the only pleasure you can get from Folly architecture is by calling the architect mad, and by laughing at the architecture.
I was a student at Columbia College, actually, in the Architecture school. Paul would drive in from Queens, showing me these new songs. I can't remember us working it out.
After about the first Millennium, Italy was the cradle of Romanesque architecture, which spread throughout Europe, much of it extending the structural daring with minimal visual elaboration.
After World War II great strides were made in modern Japanese architecture, not only in advanced technology, allowing earthquake resistant tall buildings, but expressing and infusing characteristics of traditional Japanese architecture in modern buildings.
The job of buildings is to improve human relations: architecture must ease them, not make them worse.
But I feel truly wowed by the architecture and the meaning of the architecture if you get lost in it and think about the man hours in the smallest little chapel, and the love involved. God it's fantastic.
There was an age, however, when the transition from savagery to civilization, with all its impressive outward manifestations in art and architecture, took place for the first time.
I think that narrative, fiction filmmaking is the culmination of several art forms: theater, art history, architecture. Whereas doc filmmaking is more pure cinema, like cinema verite is film in its purest form.
I was going to be an architect. I graduated with a degree in architecture and I had a scholarship to go back to Princeton and get my Masters in architecture. I'd done theatricals in college, but I'd done them because it was fun.
But after the time there I'd had it with fashion again, so I left to go to architecture school in a summer course at Harvard, which didn't last very long.
Architecture can't fully represent the chaos and turmoil that are part of the human personality, but you need to put some of that turmoil into the architecture, or it isn't real.
I would like to attend college in the future when I have time. I have always been interested in architecture, so perhaps I would pursue a degree in that or business.
You look at the steamboat, the railroad, the car, the airplane - not all of these were invented in the Anglo-American world, but they were popularized and extended by it. They were made possible by the financial architecture, the capital intensive operations invented and developed by the Anglo-Americans.
What's fascinating about D.C., the exteriors are these elaborate structures, this gorgeous architecture and beautiful stonework, and then you go inside and it's crap-looking - apart from the White House, which is beautiful.
I acquired an admiration for Japanese culture, art, and architecture, and learned of the existence of the game of GO, which I still play.
I would've been intrigued by being a film director. I would've been intrigued by politics. I thought about architecture.
There is a lot of interest in the arts, music, theatre, filmmaking, engineering, architecture and software design. I think we have now transitioned the modern-day version of the entrepreneur into the creative economy.
I like things that are kind of eclectic, when one thing doesn't go with another. That's why I love Rome. The town itself is that way. It's where Fascist architecture meets classic Renaissance, where the ancient bangs up against the contemporary. It has a touch of everything. That's my style, and that's what my work is about.
I feel however, that we architects have a special duty and mission... (to contribute) to the socio-cultural development of architecture and urban planning.
There is a powerful need for symbolism, and that means the architecture must have something that appeals to the human heart. There is a powerful need for symbolism, and that means the architecture must have something that appeals to the human heart.
Technological considerations are of great importance to architecture and cities in the informational society.
Opera, next to Gothic architecture, is one of the strangest inventions of Western man. It could not have been foreseen by any logical process.
I don't believe in morality in architecture.
I have no requirements for a style of architecture.
I see architecture not as Gropius did, as a moral venture, as truth, but as invention, in the same way that poetry or music or painting is invention.
The dialogue of architecture has been centered too long around the idea of truth.
The rules of navigation never navigated a ship. The rules of architecture never built a house.
Each new situation requires a new architecture.
I like to play with architecture! It's my favorite game.
I think architecture has to be a gift.
What is being called the UN 'gender architecture' is more like a shack. Women need a bigger global house if equality is ever to become a reality.
Architecture is politics.
What has happened to architecture since the second world war that the only passers-by who can contemplate it without pain are those equipped with a white stick and a dog?
First, there is the bare beauty of the logs themselves with their long lines and firm curves. Then there is the open charm felt of the structural features which are not hidden under plaster and ornament, but are clearly revealed, a charm felt in Japanese architecture.
Architecture aims at Eternity.
Revived in this country the long forgotten beauties of Gothic architecture.
Any work of architecture that has with it some discussion, some polemic, I think is good. It shows that people are interested, people are involved.
There will never be great architects or great architecture without great patrons.
The architecture of our future is not only unfinished the scaffolding has hardly gone up.
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist.
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
The highest art is always the most religious, and the greatest artist is always a devout person.
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
Without tradition, art is a flock of sheep without a shepherd. Without innovation, it is a corpse.
Every artist was first an amateur.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
In art, the hand can never execute anything higher than the heart can imagine.
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.
A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession.
This world is but a canvas to our imagination.
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
Art is a step from what is obvious and well-known toward what is arcane and concealed.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
If you do not breathe through writing, if you do not cry out in writing, or sing in writing, then don't write, because our culture has no use for it.
Pictures must not be too picturesque.
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home.
An artist is always alone - if he is an artist. No, what the artist needs is loneliness.
We have art in order not to die of the truth.
Art is the proper task of life.
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.
Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad.
Art is not a thing it is a way.
You don't take a photograph, you make it.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
A picture is a poem without words.
Without freedom, no art art lives only on the restraints it imposes on itself, and dies of all others.
The sculptor produces the beautiful statue by chipping away such parts of the marble block as are not needed - it is a process of elimination.
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way - things I had no words for.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires.
The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web.
An artist cannot fail it is a success to be one.
Personality is everything in art and poetry.
Painting, n.: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and exposing them to the critic.
Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
Painting is easy when you don't know how, but very difficult when you do.
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
Very few people possess true artistic ability. It is therefore both unseemly and unproductive to irritate the situation by making an effort. If you have a burning, restless urge to write or paint, simply eat something sweet and the feeling will pass.
The mediator of the inexpressible is the work of art.
Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot, others transform a yellow spot into the sun.
In art as in love, instinct is enough.
Every human is an artist. The dream of your life is to make beautiful art.
Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere.
In art the best is good enough.
Lying in bed would be an altogether perfect and supreme experience if only one had a colored pencil long enough to draw on the ceiling.
The very essence of the creative is its novelty, and hence we have no standard by which to judge it.
I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Ads are the cave art of the twentieth century.
All art is but imitation of nature.
An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it.
I don't want to be interesting. I want to be good.
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection.
Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth.
Photograph: a picture painted by the sun without instruction in art.
Even a true artist does not always produce art.
An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world.
If we could but paint with the hand what we see with the eye.
Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.
To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people can't eat it.
Painting is an infinitely minute part of my personality.
A writer should write with his eyes and a painter paint with his ears.
I cry out for order and find it only in art.
Fine art is that in which the hand, the head, and the heart of man go together.
Art consists of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame.
The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity.
Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs.
Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul.
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
The arts are an even better barometer of what is happening in our world than the stock market or the debates in congress.
Art is man's expression of his joy in labor.
Fashion is only the attempt to realize art in living forms and social intercourse.
A great artist is always before his time or behind it.
Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything.
Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.
Abstract art: a product of the untalented sold by the unprincipled to the utterly bewildered.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
When I judge art, I take my painting and put it next to a God made object like a tree or flower. If it clashes, it is not art.
Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first.
I have no fear of making changes, destroying the image, etc., because the painting has a life of its own.
Art produces ugly things which frequently become more beautiful with time. Fashion, on the other hand, produces beautiful things which always become ugly with time.
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
Art for art's sake is a philosophy of the well-fed.
Every good painter paints what he is.
The history of art is the history of revivals.
The business of art is to reveal the relation between man and his environment.
So vast is art, so narrow human wit.
To make us feel small in the right way is a function of art men can only make us feel small in the wrong way.
Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression.
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
Art begins with resistance - at the point where resistance is overcome. No human masterpiece has ever been created without great labor.
To me, photography is the simultaneous recognition, in a fraction of a second, of the significance of an event.
Art is parasitic on life, just as criticism is parasitic on art.
The waking mind is the least serviceable in the arts.
My imagination can picture no fairer happiness than to continue living for art.
Works of art, in my opinion, are the only objects in the material universe to possess internal order, and that is why, though I don't believe that only art matters, I do believe in Art for Art's sake.
What art offers is space - a certain breathing room for the spirit.
To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist.
Pictures deface walls more often than they decorate them.
I've been called many names like perfectionist, difficult and obsessive. I think it takes obsession, takes searching for the details for any artist to be good.
Art is science made clear.
Rules and models destroy genius and art.
Immature artists imitate. Mature artists steal.
What makes photography a strange invention is that its primary raw materials are light and time.
Art is magic delivered from the lie of being truth.
All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography.
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order.
Things are beautiful if you love them.
I don't paint things. I only paint the difference between things.
The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.
Art is the right hand of Nature. The latter has only given us being, the former has made us men.
Of all lies, art is the least untrue.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Lesser artists borrow, great artists steal.
The artist belongs to his work, not the work to the artist.
A sculptor is a person who is interested in the shape of things, a poet in words, a musician by sounds.
Art is the daughter of freedom.
Every artist writes his own autobiography.
Great art picks up where nature ends.
When I work, and in my art, I hold hands with God.
The perfection of art is to conceal art.
My painting does not come from the easel.
Art, in itself, is an attempt to bring order out of chaos.
Drawing is like making an expressive gesture with the advantage of permanence.
Art is a revolt against fate. All art is a revolt against man's fate.
Art is the stored honey of the human soul, gathered on wings of misery and travail.
I don't think there's any artist of any value who doesn't doubt what they're doing.
Time extracts various values from a painter's work. When these values are exhausted the pictures are forgotten, and the more a picture has to give, the greater it is.
Wherever art appears, life disappears.
I've never really had a hobby, unless you count art, which the IRS once told me I had to declare as a hobby since I hadn't made money with it.
An artist is never ahead of his time but most people are far behind theirs.
The beauty one can find in art is one of the pitifully few real and lasting products of human endeavor.
The creative act lasts but a brief moment, a lightning instant of give-and-take, just long enough for you to level the camera and to trap the fleeting prey in your little box.
I like to pretend that my art has nothing to do with me.
I choose a block of marble and chop off whatever I don't need.
Rationalism is the enemy of art, though necessary as a basis for architecture.
The artist one day falls through a hole in the brambles, and from that moment he is following the dark rapids of an underground river which may sometimes flow so near to the surface that the laughing picnic parties are heard above.
Every other artist begins with a blank canvas, a piece of paper the photographer begins with the finished product.
To make pictures big is to make them more powerful.
My hand is the extension of the thinking process - the creative process.
That's the motivation of an artist - to seek attention of some kind.
The principles of true art is not to portray, but to evoke.
Art hurts. Art urges voyages - and it is easier to stay at home.
I think about my work every minute of the day.
Vitality is radiated from exceptional art and architecture.
By the work one knows the workman.
Art doesn't transform. It just plain forms.
My love of fine art increased - the more of it I saw, the more of it I wanted to see.
Mournful and yet grand is the destiny of the artist.
The artist's world is limitless. It can be found anywhere, far from where he lives or a few feet away. It is always on his doorstep.
Artists don't make objects. Artists make mythologies.
The principle of art is to pause, not bypass.
Art is the unceasing effort to compete with the beauty of flowers - and never succeeding.
The writer, when he is also an artist, is someone who admits what others don't dare reveal.
The works must be conceived with fire in the soul but executed with clinical coolness.
Trying to force creativity is never good.
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued.
When I think of art I think of beauty. Beauty is the mystery of life. It is not in the eye it is in the mind. In our minds there is awareness of perfection.
Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade themselves that they have a better idea.
Vision is the true creative rhythm.
No heirloom of humankind captures the past as do art and language.
The history of modern art is also the history of the progressive loss of art's audience. Art has increasingly become the concern of the artist and the bafflement of the public.
In an artwork you're always looking for artistic decisions, so an ashtray is perfect. An ashtray has got life and death.
Art is an invention of aesthetics, which in turn is an invention of philosophers... What we call art is a game.
The artist who aims at perfection in everything achieves it in nothing.
I think an artist's responsibility is more complex than people realize.
Painting is by nature a luminous language.
A painting that is well composed is half finished.
Artists themselves are not confined, but their output is.
When that shutter clicks, anything else that can be done afterward is not worth consideration.
If a building becomes architecture, then it is art.
Every time a student walks past a really urgent, expressive piece of architecture that belongs to his college, it can help reassure him that he does have that mind, does have that soul.
Light in Nature creates the movement of colors.
Art in Nature is rhythmic and has a horror of constraint.
Murals in restaurants are on a par with the food in museums.
It is a mistake for a sculptor or a painter to speak or write very often about his job. It releases tension needed for his work.
Photography is a major force in explaining man to man.
The more horrifying this world becomes, the more art becomes abstract.
Art is subject to arbitrary fashion.
When I make art, I think about its ability to connect with others, to bring them into the process.
You begin with the possibilities of the material.
To an engineer, good enough means perfect. With an artist, there's no such thing as perfect.
Culture is the arts elevated to a set of beliefs.
I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza.
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.
Art ought never to be considered except in its relations with its ideal beauty.
Art is the desire of a man to express himself, to record the reactions of his personality to the world he lives in.
I paint with shapes.
I was the least Pop of all the Pop artists.
I realize that protest paintings are not exactly in vogue, but I've done many.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art... It has no survival value rather it is one of those things that give value to survival.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science.
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.
The art of acceptance is the art of making someone who has just done you a small favor wish that he might have done you a greater one.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it.
I regard the theatre as the greatest of all art forms, the most immediate way in which a human being can share with another the sense of what it is to be a human being.
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them for these only gave them life, those the art of living well.
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough.
Be slow to fall into friendship but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
Beautiful music is the art of the prophets that can calm the agitations of the soul it is one of the most magnificent and delightful presents God has given us.
It is through art, and through art only, that we can realise our perfection.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.
All art is quite useless.
I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge, silence to be ignorance, and affection to be art.
There's no art to find the mind's construction in the face.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it's dead for you.
If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him.
It is only an auctioneer who can equally and impartially admire all schools of art.
What we have to do, what at any rate it is our duty to do, is to revive the old art of Lying.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened.
Speak the truth, do not yield to anger give, if thou art asked for little by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.
A work of art is above all an adventure of the mind.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing.
In general, the art of government consists of taking as much money as possible from one class of citizens to give to another.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
I think in art, but especially in films, people are trying to confirm their own existences.
If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
Every art and every inquiry, and similarly every action and choice, is thought to aim at some good and for this reason the good has rightly been declared to be that at which all things aim.
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock.
Well, Art is Art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water. And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now you tell me what you know.
Admiration for a quality or an art can be so strong that it deters us from striving to possess it.
Homer has taught all other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.
Art is not merely an imitation of the reality of nature, but in truth a metaphysical supplement to the reality of nature, placed alongside thereof for its conquest.
It is Homer who has chiefly taught other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.
For art to exist, for any sort of aesthetic activity to exist, a certain physiological precondition is indispensable: intoxication.
I do not know what the spirit of a philosopher could more wish to be than a good dancer. For the dance is his ideal, also his fine art, finally also the only kind of piety he knows, his 'divine service.'
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
Were I called on to define, very briefly, the term Art, I should call it 'the reproduction of what the Senses perceive in Nature through the veil of the soul.' The mere imitation, however accurate, of what is in Nature, entitles no man to the sacred name of 'Artist.'
When art dresses in worn-out material it is most easily recognized as art.
Sleeping is no mean art: for its sake one must stay awake all day.
Art raises its head where creeds relax.
The bad gains respect through imitation, the good loses it especially in art.
Envy is the art of counting the other fellow's blessings instead of your own.
Politics is the art of controlling your environment.
Take care to sell your horse before he dies. The art of life is passing losses on.
It is the function of art to renew our perception. What we are familiar with we cease to see. The writer shakes up the familiar scene, and, as if by magic, we see a new meaning in it.
Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world.
She had lost the art of conversation but not, unfortunately, the power of speech.
You use a glass mirror to see your face you use works of art to see your soul.
Art is the beautiful way of doing things. Science is the effective way of doing things. Business is the economic way of doing things.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
The art of government is the organisation of idolatry.
Truly fertile Music, the only kind that will move us, that we shall truly appreciate, will be a Music conducive to Dream, which banishes all reason and analysis. One must not wish first to understand and then to feel. Art does not tolerate Reason.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
We're going to shoot one Polaroid per show. I'm going to sign this before it even develops because I know that once it develops with my signature on it, it's worth a fortune. I'll make this a work of magic warlock art.
Art is never finished, only abandoned.
The art of government is to make two-thirds of a nation pay all it possibly can pay for the benefit of the other third.
My goal is to be one with the music. I just dedicate my whole life to this art.
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need.
Love isn't an emotion or an instinct - it's an art.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.
When you create art, the world has to wait.
I started to make a study of the art of war and revolution and, whilst abroad, underwent a course in military training. If there was to be guerrilla warfare, I wanted to be able to stand and fight with my people and to share the hazards of war with them.
The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
Bullfighting is the only art in which the artist is in danger of death and in which the degree of brilliance in the performance is left to the fighter's honor.
To catch a husband is an art to hold him is a job.
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.
In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact to shatter and destroy it is not so good.
He who possesses art and science has religion he who does not possess them, needs religion.
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.
Music is the art of the prophets and the gift of God.
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.
The biggest problem with every art is by the use of appearance to create a loftier reality.
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.
I think art is the only thing that's spiritual in the world. And I refuse to forced to believe in other people's interpretations of God. I don't think anybody should be. No one person can own the copyright to what God means.
I never called my work an 'art'. It's part of show business, the business of building entertainment.
Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think.
Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art.
In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.
The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.
It is after all the greatest art to limit and isolate oneself.
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to work and deal with them.
Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced.
Art is always and everywhere the secret confession, and at the same time the immortal movement of its time.
One does not need buildings, money, power, or status to practice the Art of Peace. Heaven is right where you are standing, and that is the place to train.
Art is not a treasure in the past or an importation from another land, but part of the present life of all living and creating peoples.
Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
All married couples should learn the art of battle as they should learn the art of making love. Good battle is objective and honest - never vicious or cruel. Good battle is healthy and constructive, and brings to a marriage the principles of equal partnership.
The web, then, or the pattern, a web at once sensuous and logical, an elegant and pregnant texture: that is style, that is the foundation of the art of literature.
Dear God! how beauty varies in nature and art. In a woman the flesh must be like marble in a statue the marble must be like flesh.
He who would do good to another must do it in Minute Particulars: general Good is the plea of the scoundrel, hypocrite, and flatterer, for Art and Science cannot exist but in minutely organized Particulars.
When thou art above measure angry, bethink thee how momentary is man's life.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Europe is so well gardened that it resembles a work of art, a scientific theory, a neat metaphysical system. Man has re-created Europe in his own image.
Surely all art is the result of one's having been in danger, of having gone through an experience all the way to the end, where no one can go any further.
I am a soul. I know well that what I shall render up to the grave is not myself. That which is myself will go elsewhere. Earth, thou art not my abyss!
Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life?
The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on.
The finest works of art are precious, among other reasons, because they make it possible for us to know, if only imperfectly and for a little while, what it actually feels like to think subtly and feel nobly.
Art is the elimination of the unnecessary.
I think most of the people involved in any art always secretly wonder whether they are really there because they're good or there because they're lucky.
The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
To array a man's will against his sickness is the supreme art of medicine.
There are no contests in the Art of Peace. A true warrior is invincible because he or she contests with nothing. Defeat means to defeat the mind of contention that we harbor within.
Logic: The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding.
Freedom in art, freedom in society, this is the double goal towards which all consistent and logical minds must strive.
To my mind the old masters are not art their value is in their scarcity.
Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs.
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it. If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it. It's the truth.
The capacity to be puzzled is the premise of all creation, be it in art or in science.
We want to answer this classical question, who am I? So I think that most of our works are for art, or whatever we do, including science or religion, tried to answer that question.
Ethics is in origin the art of recommending to others the sacrifices required for cooperation with oneself.
Dying is an art, like everything else. I do it exceptionally well. I do it so it feels like hell. I do it so it feels real. I guess you could say I've a call.
Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
There is no abstract art. You must always start with something. Afterward you can remove all traces of reality.
So many gods, so many creeds, so many paths that wind and wind while just the art of being kind is all the sad world needs.
All in the Family was intellectual it was art.
The person who knows one thing and does it better than anyone else, even if it only be the art of raising lentils, receives the crown he merits. If he raises all his energy to that end, he is a benefactor of mankind and its rewarded as such.
We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth, at least the truth that is given to us to understand.
Religion is essentially the art and the theory of the remaking of man. Man is not a finished creation.
What I dream of is an art of balance, of purity and serenity devoid of troubling or depressing subject matter - a soothing, calming influence on the mind, rather like a good armchair which provides relaxation from physical fatigue.
All great art is the work of the whole living creature, body and soul, and chiefly of the soul.
The people who make art their business are mostly imposters.
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
The art of life is to live in the present moment, and to make that moment as perfect as we can by the realization that we are the instruments and expression of God Himself.
To be able to endure odium is the first art to be learned by those who aspire to power.
If thou art a man, admire those who attempt great things, even though they fail.
Every bit of me is devoted to love and art. And I aspire to try to be a teacher to my young fans who feel just like I felt when I was younger. I just felt like a freak. I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm trying to liberate them, I want to free them of their fears and make them feel that they can make their own space in the world.
No great art has ever been made without the artist having known danger.
The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.
Only through art can we emerge from ourselves and know what another person sees.
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.
Art never improves, but... the material of art is never quite the same.
Being an artist is dragging your innermost feelings out, giving a piece of yourself, no matter in which art form, in which medium.
The challenge is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible.
Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.
The art of living well and the art of dying well are one.
What is Art? It is the response of man's creative soul to the call of the Real.
A great city, whose image dwells in the memory of man, is the type of some great idea. Rome represents conquest Faith hovers over the towers of Jerusalem and Athens embodies the pre-eminent quality of the antique world, Art.
Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed.
I think having land and not ruining it is the most beautiful art that anybody could ever want to own.
In Art, man reveals himself and not his objects.
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.
And the first rude sketch that the world had seen was joy to his mighty heart, till the Devil whispered behind the leaves 'It's pretty, but is it Art?'
Eloquence, n. The art of orally persuading fools that white is the color that it appears to be. It includes the gift of making any color appear white.
I am a poor man and of little worth, who is laboring in that art that God has given me in order to extend my life as long as possible.
All architecture is great architecture after sunset perhaps architecture is really a nocturnal art, like the art of fireworks.
Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless.
Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation.
Chance gives rise to thoughts, and chance removes them no art can keep or acquire them.
Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness.
A race is a work of art that people can look at and be affected in as many ways they're capable of understanding.
The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
In seeking wisdom thou art wise in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.
Every happening, great and small, is a parable whereby God speaks to us, and the art of life is to get the message.
Thou must be emptied of that wherewith thou art full, that thou mayest be filled with that whereof thou art empty.
Great nations write their autobiographies in three manuscripts - the book of their deeds, the book of their words and the book of their art.
The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards.
Poetry is the art of substantiating shadows, and of lending existence to nothing.
I say that democracy can never prove itself beyond cavil, until it founds and luxuriantly grows its own forms of art, poems, schools, theology, displacing all that exists, or that has been produced anywhere in the past, under opposite influences.
Listen to your inner-voice: Surround yourself with loving, nurturing people. Fall in love with your art and find yourself. Music is the great communicator.
Winners have the ability to step back from the canvas of their lives like an artist gaining perspective. They make their lives a work of art - an individual masterpiece.
I am a walking piece of art every day, with my dreams and my ambitions forward at all times in an effort to inspire my fans to lead their life in that way.
The art of motherhood involves much silent, unobtrusive self-denial, an hourly devotion which finds no detail too minute.
The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain.
The foundation of empire is art and science. Remove them or degrade them, and the empire is no more. Empire follows art and not vice versa as Englishmen suppose.
It is the addition of strangeness to beauty that constitutes the romantic character in art.
It is no great art to say something briefly when, like Tacitus, one has something to say when one has nothing to say, however, and none the less writes a whole book and makes truth into a liar - that I call an achievement.
If we know the divine art of concentration, if we know the divine art of meditation, if we know the divine art of contemplation, easily and consciously we can unite the inner world and the outer world.
When I am finishing a picture, I hold some God-made object up to it - a rock, a flower, the branch of a tree or my hand - as a final test. If the painting stands up beside a thing man cannot make, the painting is authentic. If there's a clash between the two, it's bad art.
There is nothing new in art except talent.
All that we call ideal in Greek or any other art, because to us it is false and visionary, was, to the makers of it, true and existent.
What is art? Nature concentrated.
Creative without strategy is called 'art.' Creative with strategy is called 'advertising.'
One of the interesting things here is that the people who should be shaping the future are politicians. But the political framework itself is so dead and closed that people look to other sources, like artists, because art and music allow people a certain freedom.
All things are artificial, for nature is the art of God.
History develops, art stands still.
The momentous thing in human life is the art of winning the soul to good or evil.
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one.
True ease in writing comes from art, not chance, as those who move easiest have learned to dance.
All humanity is passion without passion, religion, history, novels, art would be ineffectual.
We are all hungry and thirsty for concrete images. Abstract art will have been good for one thing: to restore its exact virginity to figurative art.
Those who gave thee a body, furnished it with weakness but He who gave thee Soul, armed thee with resolution. Employ it, and thou art wise be wise and thou art happy.
Art has the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate.
Art is only a means to life, to the life more abundant. It is not in itself the life more abundant. It merely points the way, something which is overlooked not only by the public, but very often by the artist himself. In becoming an end it defeats itself.
The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization.
Criticism is the windows and chandeliers of art: it illuminates the enveloping darkness in which art might otherwise rest only vaguely discernible, and perhaps altogether unseen.
What can be more foolish than to think that all this rare fabric of heaven and earth could come by chance, when all the skill of art is not able to make an oyster!
The art of using deceit and cunning grow continually weaker and less effective to the user.
Parents are usually more careful to bestow knowledge on their children rather than virtue, the art of speaking well rather than doing well but their manners should be of the greatest concern.
Great artists are people who find the way to be themselves in their art. Any sort of pretension induces mediocrity in art and life alike.
Really I don't like human nature unless all candied over with art.
O, thou art fairer than the evening air clad in the beauty of a thousand stars.
What I've discovered is that in art, as in music, there's a lot of truth-and then there's a lie. The artist is essentially creating his work to make this lie a truth, but he slides it in amongst all the others. The tiny little lie is the moment I live for, my moment. It's the moment that the audience falls in love.
Where thou art, that is home.
To speak of morals in art is to speak of legislature in sex. Art is the sex of the imagination.
I don't think about art when I'm working. I try to think about life.
No art can be noble which is incapable of expressing thought, and no art is capable of expressing thought which does not change.
Politics is the art of choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth.
Diplomacy: the art of restraining power.
Land really is the best art.
Criticism is the art of appraising others at one's own value.
To do a dull thing with style-now that's what I call art.
It is in this power of saying everything, and yet saying nothing too plainly, that the perfection of art consists.
The art which we may call generally art of the wayside, as opposed to that which is the business of men's lives, is, in the best sense of the word, Grotesque.
Growing up going to Christian school and the concept that you're born a sinner and you don't really have a choice to change who you are has been hammered into my head and created the entire reason why I made art and made a band and made records called 'Antichrist Superstar.'
To me, photography is an art of observation. It's about finding something interesting in an ordinary place... I've found it has little to do with the things you see and everything to do with the way you see them.
Cunning is the art of concealing our own defects, and discovering other people's weaknesses.
I realised the bohemian life was not for me. I would look around at my friends, living like starving artists, and wonder, 'Where's the art?' They weren't doing anything. And there was so much interesting stuff to do, so much fun to be had... maybe I could even quit renting.
Patience is the art of hoping.
The man of genius is he and he alone who finds such joy in his art that he will work at it come hell or high water.
Religion and art spring from the same root and are close kin. Economics and art are strangers.
There is nothing in the world of art like the songs mother used to sing.
Simplicity and repose are the qualities that measure the true value of any work of art.
Music happens to be an art form that transcends language.
Art is man's constant effort to create for himself a different order of reality from that which is given to him.
The true art of memory is the art of attention.
It's clever, but is it Art?
The sinews of art and literature, like those of war, are money.
The youth of an art is, like the youth of anything else, its most interesting period. When it has come to the knowledge of good and evil it is stronger, but we care less about it.
What is comedy? Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making them puke.
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance... and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.
Diversity: the art of thinking independently together.
The greatness of art is not to find what is common but what is unique.
There is nothing, Sir, too little for so little a creature as man. It is by studying little things that we attain the great art of having as little misery and as much happiness as possible.
Life is the art of being well deceived and in order that the deception may succeed it must be habitual and uninterrupted.
All nature is but art unknown to thee.
Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies. Women's magazines also often feature pictures of naked ladies. This is because the female body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and should not be seen by the light of day.
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.
My trade and art is to live.
The only honest art form is laughter, comedy. You can't fake it... try to fake three laughs in an hour - ha ha ha ha ha - they'll take you away, man. You can't.
An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture.
Art begins in imitation and ends in innovation.
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.
Architecture is the art of how to waste space.
Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of man's cruelty and baseness.
Space is the breath of art.
Art does not reproduce what we see rather, it makes us see.
I think art education, especially in this country, which government pretty much ignores, is so important for young people.
Fame is the echo of actions, resounding them to the world, save that the echo repeats only the last art, but fame relates all, and often more than all.
If thou art a master, be sometimes blind if a servant, sometimes deaf.
Art is an attempt to integrate evil.
A work of art that contains theories is like an object on which the price tag has been left.
To want friendship is a great fault. Friendship ought to be a gratuitous joy, like the joys afforded by art or life.
Mild autism can give you a genius like Einstein. If you have severe autism, you could remain nonverbal. You don't want people to be on the severe end of the spectrum. But if you got rid of all the autism genetics, you wouldn't have science or art. All you would have is a bunch of social 'yak yaks.'
The sadness of the incomplete, the sadness that is often Life, but should never be Art.
Every work of art is an uncommitted crime.
You have to master not only the art of listening to your head, you must also master listening to your heart and listening to your gut.
One science only will one genius fit so vast is art, so narrow human wit.
There is no prejudice that the work of art does not finally overcome.
Memory is a great artist. For every man and for every woman it makes the recollection of his or her life a work of art and an unfaithful record.
The wealthy are always surrounded by hangers-on science and art are as well.
Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.
The work of art assumes the existence of the perfect spectator, and is indifferent to the fact that no such person exists.
Healing,' Papa would tell me, 'is not a science, but the intuitive art of wooing nature.
The first mistake of art is to assume that it's serious.
Good manners is the art of making those people easy with whom we converse. Whoever makes the fewest people uneasy is the best bred in the room.
Lying just for the fun of it is either art or pathology.
Death be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so. For, those, whom thou think'st thou dost overthrow. Die not, poor death, nor yet canst thou kill me.
Evil is committed without effort, naturally, fatally goodness is always the product of some art.
The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power.
The effort of art is to keep what is interesting in existence, to recreate it in the eternal.
I consider skateboarding an art form, a lifestyle and a sport. 'Action sport' would be the least offensive categorization.
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.
Logic is neither an art nor a science but a dodge.
The excellency of every art is its intensity, capable of making all disagreeable evaporate.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
In science, as in art, and, as I believe, in every other sphere of human activity, there may be wisdom in a multitude of counsellors, but it is only in one or two of them.
You may choose your words like a connoisseur, And polish it up with art, But the word that sways, and stirs, and stays, Is the word that comes from the heart.
People are surprised at how down-to-earth I am. I like to stay home on Friday nights and listen to 'The Art of Happiness' by the Dalai Lama.
Emotion resulting from a work of art is only of value when it is not obtained by sentimental blackmail.
All good art is an indiscretion.
Great art is the contempt of a great man for small art.
I believe entertainment can aspire to be art, and can become art, but if you set out to make art you're an idiot.
Art, as far as it is able, follows nature, as a pupil imitates his master thus your art must be, as it were, God's grandchild.
Gossip is the art of saying nothing in a way that leaves practically nothing unsaid.
Errors are not in the art but in the artificers.
It is veneer, rouge, aestheticism, art museums, new theaters, etc. that make America impotent. The good things are football, kindness, and jazz bands.
Simplicity is the final achievement. After one has played a vast quantity of notes and more notes, it is simplicity that emerges as the crowning reward of art.
Art is the objectification of feeling.
There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.
The beginning of a friendship, the fact that two people out of the thousands around them can meet and connect and become friends, seems like a kind of magic to me. But maintaining a friendship requires work. I don't mean that as a bad thing. Good art requires work as well.
The sole art that suits me is that which, rising from unrest, tends toward serenity.
Art is the collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
Deliver me from writers who say the way they live doesn't matter. I'm not sure a bad person can write a good book, If art doesn't make us better, then what on earth is it for.
Politics is not the art of the possible. It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus.
The art of creation is older than the art of killing.
The best part of the art of living is to know how to grow old gracefully.
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art.
The love of all-inclusiveness is as dangerous in philosophy as in art.
Great art is the outward expression of an inner life in the artist, and this inner life will result in his personal vision of the world.
We work in the dark - we do what we can - we give what we have. Our doubt is our passion and our passion is our task. The rest is the madness of art.
Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials.
Art is moral passion married to entertainment. Moral passion without entertainment is propaganda, and entertainment without moral passion is television.
Telling lies is a fault in a boy, an art in a lover, an accomplishment in a bachelor, and second-nature in a married man.
If you are going to break a Law of Art, make the crime interesting.
The art of pleasing consists in being pleased.
When science, art, literature, and philosophy are simply the manifestation of personality they are on a level where glorious and dazzling achievements are possible, which can make a man's name live for thousands of years.
Wherever the art of medicine is loved, there is also a love of humanity.
Art is permitted to survive only if it renounces the right to be different, and integrates itself into the omnipotent realm of the profane.
The counterfeit and counterpart of Nature is reproduced in art.
The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself.
The art of Peace I practice has room for each of the world's eight million gods, and I cooperate with them all. The God of Peace is very great and enjoins all that is divine and enlightened in every land.
I like it when somebody tells me a story, and I actually really feel that that's becoming like a lost art in American cinema.
There's a lot of thought in art. People get to talk about important things. There's a lot of sex, you know, in art. There's a lot of naked women and men, and there's intrigue, there's fakery. It's a real microcosm of the larger world.
You want to be a bit compulsive in your art or craft or whatever you do.
I'm enamored with the art world. Anytime you look at anything that's considered artistic, there's a commercial world around it: the ballet, opera, any kind of music. It can't exist without it.
Art at its most significant is a Distant Early Warning System that can always be relied on to tell the old culture what is beginning to happen to it.
Most works of art, like most wines, ought to be consumed in the district of their fabrication.
Art is why I get up in the morning but my definition ends there. You know I don't think its fair that I'm living for something I can't even define.
People believe that photographs are true and therefore cannot be art.
Art seduces, but does not exploit.
Art is the most beautiful deception of all. And although people try to incorporate the everyday events of life in it, we must hope that it will remain a deception lest it become a utilitarian thing, sad as a factory.
To the man who loves art for its own sake, it is frequently in its least important and lowliest manifestations that the keenest pleasure is to be derived.
Film will only became an art when its materials are as inexpensive as pencil and paper.
In art and dream may you proceed with abandon. In life may you proceed with balance and stealth.
Building art is a synthesis of life in materialised form. We should try to bring in under the same hat not a splintered way of thinking, but all in harmony together.
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art.
An art which isn't based on feeling isn't an art at all.
The knowledge of God is the cause of things. For the knowledge of God is to all creatures what the knowledge of the artificer is to things made by his art.
I can't satisfy myself with just trying to tie all of my imagination into music, especially when music is not appreciated as an art form as much as it used to be.
Art gives me the freedom I don't have when I make music.
The idea is, if I can't heal from my art, then how can you heal?
Riding a race bike is an art - a thing that you do because you feel something inside.
I try to keep a low profile in general. Not with my art, but just as a person.
In general it can be said that a nation's art is greatest when it most reflects the character of its people.
At the University of Maryland, my first year I started off planning to major in art because I was interested in theatre design, stage design or television design.
What an artist is trying to do for people is bring them closer to something, because of course art is about sharing. You wouldn't be an artist unless you wanted to share an experience, a thought.
What is art? Prostitution.
Art is not what you see, but what you make others see.
Design is the method of putting form and content together. Design, just as art, has multiple definitions there is no single definition. Design can be art. Design can be aesthetics. Design is so simple, that's why it is so complicated.
I don't have anything to say about other people's art and their work.
Patience is the art of concealing your impatience.
The screen is a magic medium. It has such power that it can retain interest as it conveys emotions and moods that no other art form can hope to tackle.
For his heart was in his work, and the heart giveth grace unto every art.
Resolve and thou art free.
Art is a harmony parallel with nature.
Film as dream, film as music. No art passes our conscience in the way film does, and goes directly to our feelings, deep down into the dark rooms of our souls.
I do not want art for a few any more than education for a few, or freedom for a few.
Egotism: The art of seeing in yourself what others cannot see.
A work of art has no importance whatever to society. It is only important to the individual.
I don't think any movie or any book or any work of art can solve the stalemate in the Middle East today. But it's certainly worth a try.
I think that one's art is a growth inside one. I do not think one can explain growth. It is silent and subtle. One does not keep digging up a plant to see how it grows.
It is a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it.
After a few months in my parents' basement, I took an apartment near the state university, where I discovered both crystal methamphetamine and conceptual art. Either one of these things are dangerous, but in combination they have the potential to destroy entire civilizations.
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.
I had wanted a tape recorder since I was tiny. I thought it was a magic thing. I never got one until just before I went to art school.
It is not hard to understand modern art. If it hangs on a wall it's a painting, and if you can walk around it it's a sculpture.
Art is anything you can get away with.
Everything a writer learns about the art or craft of fiction takes just a little away from his need or desire to write at all. In the end he knows all the tricks and has nothing to say.
Nature scarcely ever gives us the very best for that we must have recourse to art.
To say nothing, especially when speaking, is half the art of diplomacy.
Design in art, is a recognition of the relation between various things, various elements in the creative flux. You can't invent a design. You recognize it, in the fourth dimension. That is, with your blood and your bones, as well as with your eyes.
Oh literature, oh the glorious Art, how it preys upon the marrow in our bones. It scoops the stuffing out of us, and chucks us aside. Alas!
Everyone discusses my art and pretends to understand, as if it were necessary to understand, when it is simply necessary to love.
In its most limited sense, modern, art would seem to concern itself only with the technical innovations of the period.
The question of the value of nationality in art is perhaps unsolvable.
The trend in some of the contemporary movements in art, but by no means all, seems to deny this ideal and to me appears to lead to a purely decorative conception of painting.
Life is short, the art long.
Everything that has ever been called folk art has always reflected domination.
Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art.
My age and health will never allow me to realize the dream of art I've been pursuing all my life.
Don't be an art critic. Paint. There lies salvation.
Film editing is now something almost everyone can do at a simple level and enjoy it, but to take it to a higher level requires the same dedication and persistence that any art form does.
Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!
It ought to be illegal for an artist to marry. If the artist must marry let him find someone more interested in art, or his art, or the artist part of him, than in him. After which let them take tea together three times a week.
It is not in life, but in art that self-fulfillment is to be found.
Art lies by its own artifice.
Art has a double face, of expression and illusion, just like science has a double face: the reality of error and the phantom of truth.
Art and works of art do not make an artist sense and enthusiasm and instinct do.
You can't but know that if you can capture the emotions of the audience as well as their minds, the play will work better, because it's a narrative art form.
Teachers believe they have a gift for giving it drives them with the same irrepressible drive that drives others to create a work of art or a market or a building.
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
To say the word Romanticism is to say modern art - that is, intimacy, spirituality, color, aspiration towards the infinite, expressed by every means available to the arts.
What strikes me is the fact that in our society, art has become something which is only related to objects, and not to individuals, or to life.
Art is so subjective, and people can react however they want.
I'm free. I just do what I want, say what I want, say how I feel, and I don't try to hurt nobody. I just try to make sure that I don't compromise my art in any kind of way, and I think people respect that.
Rumors sound of galleries asking artists for upsized art and more of it. I've heard of photographers asked to print larger to increase the wall power and salability of their work. Everything winds up set to maximum in order to feed the beast.
To engage with art, we have to be willing to be wrong, venture outside our psychic comfort zones, suspend disbelief, and remember that art explores and alters consciousness simultaneously.
Summer is a great time to visit art museums, which offer the refreshing rinse of swimming pools - only instead of cool water, you immerse yourself in art.
I can't bear art that you can walk round and admire. A book should be either a bandit or a rebel or a man in the crowd.
Since obscenity is the truth of our passion today, it is the only stuff of art - or almost the only stuff.
The essential function of art is moral. But a passionate, implicit morality, not didactic. A morality which changes the blood, rather than the mind.
I am more a friend of art than a producer of painting.
You say a new era in art is preparing you sensed it coming continue your studies without weakening. God will do the rest.
I have nothing to hide in art. The initial force alone can bring anyone to the end he must attain.
Is art really the priesthood that demands the pure in heart who belong to it wholly?
A frenzied passion for art is a canker that devours everything else.
Evil is done without effort, naturally, it is the working of fate good is always the product of an art.
I didn't grow up thinking of movies as film, or art, but as movies, something to do on a Saturday afternoon.
The art of living is the art of knowing how to believe lies.
Let's talk of a system that transforms all the social organisms into a work of art, in which the entire process of work is included... something in which the principle of production and consumption takes on a form of quality. It's a Gigantic project.
Any authentic work of art must start an argument between the artist and his audience.
History repeats itself, but the special call of an art which has passed away is never reproduced. It is as utterly gone out of the world as the song of a destroyed wild bird.
One of the most amazing things about mathematics is the people who do math aren't usually interested in application, because mathematics itself is truly a beautiful art form. It's structures and patterns, and that's what we love, and that's what we get off on.
A rose is the visible result of an infinitude of complicated goings on in the bosom of the earth and in the air above, and similarly a work of art is the product of strange activities in the human mind.
It was Public Art, defined as art that is purchased by experts who are not spending their own personal money.
Art is not necessary at all. All that is necessary to make this world a better place to live in is to love - to love as Christ loved, as Buddha loved.
Advertising is fundamentally persuasion and persuasion happens to be not a science, but an art.
I was doing these performance art pop music pieces in the city. And they were a bit on the eccentric side I suppose. So people started to call me Gaga after the Queen song 'Radio Gaga.'
Medicine is not only a science it is also an art. It does not consist of compounding pills and plasters it deals with the very processes of life, which must be understood before they may be guided.
I would no more quarrel with a man because of his religion than I would because of his art.
So long as the system of competition in the production and exchange of the means of life goes on, the degradation of the arts will go on and if that system is to last for ever, then art is doomed, and will surely die that is to say, civilization will die.
Poor Georgia O'Keeffe. Death didn't soften the opinions of the art world toward her paintings.
I've always said that an art critic can put aside politics around art.
Megacollectors suppose they can enter art history by spending astronomical amounts.
The art gods cooked up something special for James Ensor.
All art comes from other art, and all immigrants come from other places.
When art wins, everyone wins.
I have a soft spot for art that, in terms of subject matter and material, is in bad taste.
Art is changing. Again. Here. Now. Opportunities to witness this are rare, so attend and observe.
Art is good, bad, boring, ugly, useful to us or not.
Recessions are hard on people, but they are not hard on art.
I like that the art world isn't regulated.
The art world is molting - some would say melting. Galleries are closing museums are scaling back.
Almost all institutions own a lot more art than they can ever show, much of it revealing for its timeliness, genius, or sheer weirdness.
The forties, seventies, and the nineties, when money was scarce, were great periods, when the art world retracted but it was also reborn.
Robert Rauschenberg was not a giant of American art he was the giant. No American created so many aesthetic openings for so many artists.
The Met is not only the finest encyclopedic museum of art in the United States it is arguably the finest anywhere.
Money is something that can be measured art is not. It's all subjective.
Contrary to popular opinion, things don't go stale particularly fast in the art world.
Art usually only makes the news in America when the subject is money.
I hate art auctions.
The price of a work of art has nothing to do with what the work of art is, can do, or is worth on an existential, alchemical level.
To me, nothing in the art world is neutral. The idea of 'disinterest' strikes me as boring, dishonest, dubious, and uninteresting.
The art world is an all-volunteer force. No one has to be here if he or she doesn't want to be, and we should be associating with anyone we want to.
Wolfgang Tillman's stunning large-scale pictures, being shown for the first time, were so offhand I failed to see them as art.
Galleries began growing in both number and size in the late seventies, when artists who worked in lofts wanted to exhibit their work in spaces similar to the ones the art was made in.
There's something pleasing about large, well-lit spaces. I love that dealers are willing to take massive chances in order to give this much room to their artists. Most of all, I love that more galleries showing more art gives more artists a shot.
First let me report that the art in the Barnes Collection has never looked better. My trips to the old Barnes were always amazing, but except on the sunniest days, you could barely see the art. The building always felt pushed beyond its capacity.
Not to say people shouldn't get rich from art. I adore the alchemy wherein artists who cast a complex spell make rich people give them their money. (Just writing it makes me cackle.) But too many artists have been making money without magic.
In art, scandal is a false narrative, a smoke screen that camouflages rather than reveals. When we don't know what we're seeing, we overreact.
Damien Hirst is the Elvis of the English art world, its ayatollah, deliverer, and big-thinking entrepreneurial potty-mouthed prophet and front man. Hirst synthesizes punk, Pop Art, Jeff Koons, Marcel Duchamp, Francis Bacon, and Catholicism.
Many museums are drawing audiences with art that is ostensibly more entertaining than stuff that just sits and invites contemplation. Interactivity, gizmos, eating, hanging out, things that make noise - all are now the norm, often edging out much else.
Willem de Kooning is generally credited for coming out of the painterly gates strong in the forties, revolutionizing art and abstraction and reaching incredible heights by the early fifties, and then tailing off.
I also take pleasure in the so-called negative power in Grotjahn's work. That is, I love his paintings for what they are not. Unlike much art of the past decade, Grotjahn isn't simply working from a prescribed checklist of academically acceptable, curator-approved 'isms' and twists.
It is not possible to overstate the influence of Paul Cezanne on twentieth-century art. He's the modern Giotto, someone who shattered one kind of picture-making and invented a new one that the world followed.
The greatest work of art about New York? The question seems nebulous. The city's magic and majesty are distilled in the photographs of Alfred Stieglitz and Paul Strand.
My culture-deprived, aspirational mother dragged me once a month from our northern suburb - where the word art never came up - to the Art Institute of Chicago. I hated it.
Outside museums, in noisy public squares, people look at people. Inside museums, we leave that realm and enter what might be called the group-mind, getting quiet to look at art.
All of Koons's best art - the encased vacuum cleaners, the stainless-steel Rabbit (the late-twentieth century's signature work of Simulationist sculpture), the amazing gleaming Balloon Dog, and the cast-iron re-creation of a Civil War mortar exhibited last month at the Armory - has simultaneously flaunted extreme realism, idealism, and fantasy.
Venice is the perfect place for a phase of art to die. No other city on earth embraces entropy quite like this magical floating mall.
Appropriation is the idea that ate the art world. Go to any Chelsea gallery or international biennial and you'll find it. It's there in paintings of photographs, photographs of advertising, sculpture with ready-made objects, videos using already-existing film.
After its hothouse incubation in the seventies, appropriation breathed important new life into art. This life flowered spectacularly over the decades - even if it's now close to aesthetic kudzu.
The New York art world readily proves people wrong. Just when folks say that things stink and flibbertigibbet critics wish the worst on us all because we're not pure enough, good omens appear.
Artistic qualities that once seemed undeniable don't seem so now. Sometimes these fluctuations are only fickleness of taste, momentary glitches in an artist's work, or an artist getting ahead of his audience (it took me ten years to catch up to Albert Oehlen). Other times, however, these problems mean there's something wrong with the art.
It's great that New York has large spaces for art. But the enormous immaculate box has become a dated, even oppressive place. Many of these spaces were designed for sprawling installations, large paintings, and the Relational Aesthetics work of the past fifteen years.
The giant white cube is now impeding rather than enhancing the rhythms of art. It preprograms a viewer's journey, shifts the emphasis from process to product, and lacks individuality and openness. It's not that art should be seen only in rutty bombed-out environments, but it should seem alive.
It's art that pushes against psychological and social expectations, that tries to transform decay into something generative, that is replicative in a baroque way, that isn't about progress, and wants to - as Walt Whitman put it - 'contain multitudes.'
The last time money left the art world, intrepid types maxed out their credit cards and opened galleries, and a few of them have become the best in the world.
Much good art got made while money ruled I like a lot of it, and hardship and poverty aren't virtues. The good news is that, since almost no one will be selling art, artists - especially emerging ones - won't have to think about turning out a consistent style or creating a brand. They'll be able to experiment as much as they want.
While a large segment of the art world has obsessed over a tiny number of stars and their prices, an aesthetic shift has been occurring. It's not a movement - movements are more sure of themselves. It's a change of mood or expectation, a desire for art to be more than showy effects, big numbers, and gamesmanship.
When money and hype recede from the art world, one thing I won't miss will be what curator Francesco Bonami calls the 'Eventocracy.' All this flashy 'art-fair art' and those highly produced space-eating spectacles and installations wow you for a minute until you move on to the next adrenaline event.
A saboteur in the house of art and a comedienne in the house of art theory, Lawler has spent three decades documenting the secret life of art. Functioning as a kind of one-woman CSI unit, she has photographed pictures and objects in collectors' homes, in galleries, on the walls of auction houses, and off the walls, in museum storage.
Works of art often last forever, or nearly so. But exhibitions themselves, especially gallery exhibitions, are like flowers they bloom and then they die, then exist only as memories, or pressed in magazines and books.
If only we could persuade galleries to observe a fallow period in which, for two months every other year, new and old works of art could be sold in back rooms and all main galleries would be devoted to revisiting shows gone by.
It took me twenty years to get Steven Parrino's work. From the time I first saw his art, in the mid-eighties, I almost always dismissed it as mannered, Romantic, formulaic, conceptualist-formalist heavy-metal boy-art abstraction.
Another unsettling element in modern art is that common symptom of immaturity, the dread of doing what has been done before.
Art is the signature of civilizations.
Although all the good arts serve to draw man's mind away from vices and lead it toward better things, this function can be more fully performed by this art, which also provides extraordinary intellectual pleasure.
The details are the very source of expression in architecture. But we are caught in a vice between art and the bottom line.
Surrealism: An archaic term. Formerly an art movement. No longer distinguishable from everyday life.
I try to give people a different way of looking at their surroundings. That's art to me.
Translation is the art of failure.
Life is very nice, but it lacks form. It's the aim of art to give it some.
I'm very happy to hear that my work inspires writers and painters. It's the most beautiful compliment, the greatest reward. Art should always be an exchange.
Literature is the art of discovering something extraordinary about ordinary people, and saying with ordinary words something extraordinary.
Raising children is a creative endeavor, an art rather than a science.
The whole aspect of cinema and film festivals should be a moment to come together and celebrate art and humanity. It would be a shame if there was such a divide.
The art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups.
All art is exorcism. I paint dreams and visions too the dreams and visions of my time. Painting is the effort to produce order order in yourself. There is much chaos in me, much chaos in our time.
Shadows sometimes people don't see shadows. The Chinese of course never paint them in pictures, oriental art never deals with shadow. But I noticed these shadows and I knew it meant it was sunny.
Success and the art of making music are two different things for me.
People criticized me for my photography. They said it's not art.
I always feel like the art's there and I just see it, so it's not really a lot of work.
I went to art school actually when I was sixteen years old.
How can anybody learn anything from an artwork when the piece of art only reflects the vanity of the artist and not reality?
Anyway I feel myself a bit on the edge on the art world, but I don't mind, I'm just pursuing my work in a very excited way. And there isn't really a mainstream anymore, is there?
If you don't get noticed, you don't have anything. You just have to be noticed, but the art is in getting noticed naturally, without screaming or without tricks.
It seems almost backwards to me that my music seems the more emotional outlet, and the art stuff seems more about ideas.
Real popular culture is folk art - coalminers' songs and so forth.
I want to serve chess through games, books that are works of art. I would like to bring the game closer to many people all over the world.
It's important to debunk the myths of Africa being this benighted continent civilized only when white people arrived. In fact, Africans had been creators of culture for thousands of years before. These were very intelligent, subtle and sophisticated people, with organized societies and great art.
In our life there is a single color, as on an artist's palette, which provides the meaning of life and art. It is the color of love.
I want art to make me think. In order to do that, it may piss me off, or make me uncomfortable. That promotes awareness and change, or at least some discussion.
Art is vice. You don't marry it legitimately, you rape it.
Controversy is part of the nature of art and creativity.
Oh yeah, I mean every fighter has got be dedicated, learn how to sacrifice, know what the devotion is all about, make sure you're paying attention and studying your art.
I am an anarchist in politics and an impressionist in art as well as a symbolist in literature. Not that I understand what these terms mean, but I take them to be all merely synonyms of pessimist.
The Dancer believes that his art has something to say which cannot be expressed in words or in any other way than by dancing.
Life is like art. You have to work hard to keep it simple and still have meaning.
Ability is the art of getting credit for all the home runs somebody else hits.
Interpretation is the revenge of the intellectual upon art.
In an era ruled by materialism and unstable geopolitics, art must be restored to the center of public education.
One of the main reasons I am so drawn to Hitchcock is that he planned his shots way in advance on story-boards, which he designed like classic paintings (he was an art connoisseur). It's why he found shooting on set boring - because he had already composed the film in his head.
Madonna remains the most visible performer on the planet, as well as one of the wealthiest, but would anyone seriously say that artistic self-development is her primary motivating principle? She is too busy with Kabbalah, fashion merchandising, adoption melodramas, the gym, and ill-starred horseback riding to study art.
It's high time for the art world to admit that the avant-garde is dead. It was killed by my hero, Andy Warhol, who incorporated into his art all the gaudy commercial imagery of capitalism (like Campbell's soup cans) that most artists had stubbornly scorned.
To me, art supplies are always okay to buy.
Art is something to be proud of. Art is no compromise.
But theater, because of its nature, both text, images, multimedia effects, has a wider base of communication with an audience. That's why I call it the most social of the various art forms.
The problem is that once the rules of art are debunked, and once the unpleasant realities the irony diagnoses are revealed and diagnosed, 'then' what do we do?
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully on canvas or write wonderful poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
The downfall of the industry seems to actually be good for art. I think the industry will find their way once the focus shifts from its greed-based origins, downsizes, and begins to support creative visions that speak to our times and shifting ideals.
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind.
The new job of art is to sit on the wall and get more expensive.
I am not a great cook, I am not a great artist, but I love art, and I love food, so I am the perfect traveller.
Art must take reality by surprise.
I have a small house so I borrow everything except art, that's what I love.
I think people should be given a test much like driver's tests as to whether they're capable of being parents! It's an art form. I talk a lot. And I think a lot. And I draw a lot. But never in a million years would I have been a parent. That's just work that's too hard.
I owe much to mother. She had an expert's understanding, but also approached art emotionally.
For me, pointing and clicking my phone is absolutely fine. People say that isn't the art of photography but I don't agree.
Art is the concrete representation of our most subtle feelings.
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life.
For as long as I can remember I have suffered from a deep feeling of anxiety which I have tried to express in my art.
If you cannot learn to love real art at least learn to hate sham art.
The greater the decrease in the social significance of an art form, the sharper the distinction between criticism and enjoyment by the public. The conventional is uncritically enjoyed, and the truly new is criticized with aversion.
Literature flourishes best when it is half a trade and half an art.
Fashion often starts off beautiful and becomes ugly, whereas art starts off ugly sometimes and becomes beautiful.
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
Art evokes the mystery without which the world would not exist.
What matters poverty? What matters anything to him who is enamoured of our art? Does he not carry in himself every joy and every beauty?
Film is a very young art that is still evolving. Soon, we shall reach a balance between content and technology.
All I owe the world is my art.
Art is dangerous. It is one of the attractions: when it ceases to be dangerous you don't want it.
Aesthetic emotion puts man in a state favorable to the reception of erotic emotion. Art is the accomplice of love. Take love away and there is no longer art.
When the bright angel dominates, out comes a great work of art, a Michelangelo David or a Beethoven symphony.
I like the fact that in ancient Chinese art the great painters always included a deliberate flaw in their work: human creation is never perfect.
I'm not dead and I don't have blue hair but some people say there are similarities. It is usually intolerable to watch myself onscreen but this time it's fine. I think it's beautiful and a real work of art.
More than art, more than literature, music is universally accessible.
I think no artist can claim to have any access to the truth, or an authentic version of an event. But obviously they have slightly better means at their disposal because they have their art to energize whatever it is they're trying to write about. They have music.
Every man should follow the bent of his nature in art and letters, always provided that he does not offend against the rules of morality and good taste.
He has only half learned the art of reading who has not added to it the more refined art of skipping and skimming.
If only life could be a little more tender and art a little more robust.
Seek art from every time and place, in any form, to connect with those who really move you.
Back then, I didn't have a big organization around me. I was just a kid with a guitar, traveling around. My responsibility basically was to the art, and I had extra time on my hands. There is no extra time now. There isn't enough time.
There's no being wrong in seeing something in art, only being disagreed with.
The art of living does not consist in preserving and clinging to a particular mode of happiness, but in allowing happiness to change its form without being disappointed by the change happiness, like a child, must be allowed to grow up.
I think good art does come from a dark place.
I think of art as the highest level of creativity. To me, it is one of the greatest sources of enjoyment.
Literature has drawn a funny perimeter that other art forms haven't.
Reading is an art form, and every man can be an artist.
It is a myth that art has to be sold. It is not like stocking a grocery store where people fill a pushcart. Art is a product that has no apparent need. The salesperson builds the need in the mind of the buyer.
What I'm doing is art - it's low-brow art but there's a magic in that.
Art allows people a way to dream their way out of their struggle.
I just like art. I get pure pleasure from it. I have a lot of wonderful paintings, and every time I look at them I see something different.
I realize that every picture isn't a work of art.
I view art as an inspirational tool.
What is art but a way of seeing?
Any fool can have bad luck the art consists in knowing how to exploit it.
Good art provides people with a vocabulary about things they can't articulate.
It has taken me years of struggle, hard work and research to learn to make one simple gesture, and I know enough about the art of writing to realize that it would take as many years of concentrated effort to write one simple, beautiful sentence.
Art may imitate life, but life imitates TV.
Celebrity doesn't have anything to do with art or craft. It's about being rich and thinking that you're better than everybody else.
It is commonly supposed that the art of pleasing is a wonderful aid in the pursuit of fortune but the art of being bored is infinitely more successful.
I've sort of escaped my background, as people often do, through art and culture.
It is the glory and good of Art, That Art remains the one way possible Of speaking truth, to mouths like mine at least.
The art of the parenthesis is one of the greatest secrets of eloquence in Society.
The worst state of affairs is when science begins to concern itself with art.
I was the hero of the young insurgent working class art movement.
Thou art my single day, God lends to leaven What were all earth else, with a feel of heaven.
The art of being sick is not the same as the art of getting well.
Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art.
An art whose medium is language will always show a high degree of critical creativeness, for speech is itself a critique of life: it names, it characterizes, it passes judgment, in that it creates.
Art is nothing but the expression of our dream the more we surrender to it the closer we get to the inner truth of things, our dream-life, the true life that scorns questions and does not see them.
The art of communication is the language of leadership.
I love to collect modern art.
For nine years I worked to change what was hairdressing then into a geometric art form with color, perm without setting which had never been done before.
I choose films for their artistic value. I don't need a mansion or a Jaguar. When I leave this Earth, I won't take any money with me. All I will leave behind will be my art.
Alchemy is the art of far and near, and I think poetry is alchemy in that way. It's delightful to distort size, to see something that's tiny as though it were vast.
Only in men's imagination does every truth find an effective and undeniable existence. Imagination, not invention, is the supreme master of art as of life.
The idea of avant-garde art is a very suspicious thing to me, the idea that poetry is new and it keeps being new the way Chevrolets every year are new.
Any work that aspires, however humbly, to the condition of art should carry its justification in every line.
When thou art at Rome, do as they do at Rome.
Rock isn't art, it's the way ordinary people talk.
Tell me thy company, and I'll tell thee what thou art.
Art is nature speeded up and God slowed down.
There was a big drive when I was at art school to make you aware of the economy of meaning - after all, this was still during the tail end of minimalism. Being responsible for everything you put in your picture, and being able to defend it. Keeping everything clear around you so you know what is operating. To open the wound and keep it clean.
I was very much into buying contemporary art, but I've just decided I want to get rid of it all. Not that it's not great art, but all of a sudden my mood has changed, and I want to go back to seventeenth- and eighteenth-century masters.
The great art of films does not consist of descriptive movement of face and body but in the movements of thought and soul transmitted in a kind of intense isolation.
Magic becomes art when it has nothing to hide.
Science is spectral analysis. Art is light synthesis.
My first love is art, and I see a lot of things in an artistic way.
In my world, history comes down to language and art. No one cares much about what battles were fought, who won them and who lost them - unless there is a painting, a play, a song or a poem that speaks of the event.
A compromise is the art of dividing a cake in such a way that everyone believes he has the biggest piece.
Wushu is a move in Chinese, a physical move. An attack. Wushu is like an art.
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.
My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of human freedoms - to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way.
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people whom we personally dislike.
It is not the body's posture, but the heart's attitude that counts when we pray.
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude.
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new.
The reactionary is always willing to take a progressive attitude on any issue that is dead.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
Cock your hat - angles are attitudes.
When you pray for anyone you tend to modify your personal attitude toward him.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
I'm only going to stand before God and give an account for my life, not for somebody else's life. If I have a bad attitude, then I need to say there's no point in me blaming you for what's wrong in my life.
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
My attitude is, if someone's going to criticize me, tell me to my face.
Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can't be done.
My general attitude to life is to enjoy every minute of every day. I never do anything with a feeling of, 'Oh God, I've got to do this today.'
A complainer is like a Death Eater because there's a suction of negative energy. You can catch a great attitude from great people.
The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves, but in our attitude towards them.
Pink isn't just a color, it's an attitude!
The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day.
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
When you are thwarted, it is your own attitude that is out of order.
I think it's my adventure, my trip, my journey, and I guess my attitude is, let the chips fall where they may.
Bad attitudes will ruin your team.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Happiness is an attitude of mind, born of the simple determination to be happy under all outward circumstances.
Great effort springs naturally from great attitude.
Attitudes are more important than facts.
Attitude is everything.
Attitude determines the altitude of life.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind.
But my attitude about it is I have miles to go before I sleep.
The attitude is very important. Because, your behavior radiates how you feel.
When you ain't got no money, you gotta get an attitude.
Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men.
Most of us start out with a positive attitude and a plan to do our best.
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes.
Funny is an attitude.
The biggest challenge is how to affect public attitudes and make people care.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
Whenever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude.
Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test. And God promises you your marked moments are on their way.
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges.
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
I hope the millions of people I've touched have the optimism and desire to share their goals and hard work and persevere with a positive attitude.
We cannot change our past. We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way. We can not change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude.
I was looking for something a lot heavier, yet melodic at the same time. Something different from heavy metal, a different attitude.
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement improve your attitude toward your family.
We awaken in others the same attitude of mind we hold toward them.
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. That little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
The last of human freedoms - the ability to chose one's attitude in a given set of circumstances.
Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill.
Being black is not a matter of pigmentation - being black is a reflection of a mental attitude.
People in tough times - it doesn't mean they don't have a great attitude.
A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.
Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.
If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life.
I've reached a point in my life where it's the little things that matter... I was always a rebel and probably could have got much farther had I changed my attitude. But when you think about it, I got pretty far without changing attitudes. I'm happier with that.
Fairness is not an attitude. It's a professional skill that must be developed and exercised.
I think whether you're having setbacks or not, the role of a leader is to always display a winning attitude.
Be sure what you want and be sure about yourself. Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Hitler and Mussolini were only the primary spokesmen for the attitude of domination and craving for power that are in the heart of almost everyone. Until the source is cleared, there will always be confusion and hate, wars and class antagonisms.
There must be something solemn, serious, and tender about any attitude which we denominate religious. If glad, it must not grin or snicker if sad, it must not scream or curse.
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect.
A positive attitude is not going to save you. What it's going to do is, everyday, between now and the day you die, whether that's a short time from now or a long time from now, that every day, you're going to actually live.
Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet.
Black Consciousness is an attitude of the mind and a way of life, the most positive call to emanate from the black world for a long time.
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.
We submit to the majority because we have to. But we are not compelled to call our attitude of subjection a posture of respect.
The winner's edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner's edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success.
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards.
Today's students can put dope in their veins or hope in their brains. If they can conceive it and believe it, they can achieve it. They must know it is not their aptitude but their attitude that will determine their altitude.
I think a lot of times we don't pay enough attention to people with a positive attitude because we assume they are naive or stupid or unschooled.
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
Chaotic people often have chaotic lives, and I think they create that. But if you try and have an inner peace and a positive attitude, I think you attract that.
I am Classic Rock Revisited. I revisit it every waking moment of my life because it has the spirit and the attitude and the fire and the middle finger. I am Rosa Parks with a Gibson guitar.
And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but how we react to what happens, not by what life brings us but the attitude we bring to life.
Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think it's looks, most women know otherwise.
I am responsible. Although I may not be able to prevent the worst from happening, I am responsible for my attitude toward the inevitable misfortunes that darken life.
No rational argument will have a rational effect on a man who does not want to adopt a rational attitude.
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
Obama does not represent America. Nor does he represent anything what our forefathers stood for. This country is basically built on an attitude. It's a way of life. It's not because you're born here. It's not that you're supposed to take from those who have and give to those who haven't. That kills a country. It killed Russia.
Stop this attitude that older people ain't any good anymore! We're as good as we ever were - if we ever were any good.
My attitude to peace is rather based on the Burmese definition of peace - it really means removing all the negative factors that destroy peace in this world. So peace does not mean just putting an end to violence or to war, but to all other factors that threaten peace, such as discrimination, such as inequality, poverty.
Your attitude is like a box of crayons that color your world. Constantly color your picture gray, and your picture will always be bleak. Try adding some bright colors to the picture by including humor, and your picture begins to lighten up.
Crime is terribly revealing. Try and vary your methods as you will, your tastes, your habits, your attitude of mind, and your soul is revealed by your actions.
Some people say I have attitude - maybe I do... but I think you have to. You have to believe in yourself when no one else does - that makes you a winner right there.
The minute you try to talk business with him he takes the attitude that he is a gentleman and a scholar, and the moment you try to approach him on the level of his moral integrity he starts to talk business.
Stiletto, I look at it more as an attitude as opposed to a high-heeled shoe.
If somebody says no to you, or if you get cut, Michael Jordan was cut his first year, but he came back and he was the best ever. That is what you have to have. The attitude that I'm going to show everybody, I'm going to work hard to get better and better.
When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic.
What matters to me is that I do what I think is right and I see, I'm a numbers guy, that's my attitude. I know we have a debt tsunami coming, we are bankrupting this country and I'm in a position where I can actually advance ideas to prevent that from happening. That's exactly what I should be doing.
I developed a nutty attitude where I'd think, If some guy really loves me he doesn't care if I'm fat. I'd come up with all these stupid reasons why it would be OK to be fat.
Really you just gotta keep chugging along and keep a positive attitude and get through all the problems. You gotta face them, otherwise you don't get through.
Solidarity is an attitude of resistance, I suppose, or it should be.
There's always the motivation of wanting to win. Everybody has that. But a champion needs, in his attitude, a motivation above and beyond winning.
Americans are the most generous country on the planet. I've worked in Europe, I've worked in Australia. There is no where else where you get absolutely no attitude for being a foreigner. If you do your job well, they embrace you.
When I go to the clinic next and sit with a tube in my arm and watch the poison go in, I'm in an attitude of abject passivity. It doesn't feel like fighting at all it just feels like submitting.
Our judgments judge us, and nothing reveals us, exposes our weaknesses, more ingeniously than the attitude of pronouncing upon our fellows.
Pessimism only describes an attitude, and not facts, and hence is entirely subjective.
I was kicked out of school because of my attitude. I was not assimilating. So I went to work, taking any jobs I could get.
A lot of times I find that people who are blessed with the most talent don't ever develop that attitude, and the ones who aren't blessed in that way are the most competitive and have the biggest heart.
So long as you've got your friends about you, and a good positive attitude, you don't really have to care what everyone else thinks.
I separated from the Southern Baptists when they adopted the discriminatory attitude towards women, because I believe what Paul taught in Galatians that there is no distinction in God's eyes between men and women, slaves and masters, Jews and non-Jews - everybody is created equally in the eyes of God.
My attitude toward men who mess around is simple: If you find 'em, kill 'em.
Prayer is talking with God. God knows your heart and is not so concerned with your words as He is with the attitude of your heart.
You can't study comedy it's within you. It's a personality. My humor is an attitude.
You call to a dog and a dog will break its neck to get to you. Dogs just want to please. Call to a cat and its attitude is, 'What's in it for me?'
The compulsion to do good is an innate American trait. Only North Americans seem to believe that they always should, may, and actually can choose somebody with whom to share their blessings. Ultimately this attitude leads to bombing people into the acceptance of gifts.
I keep guitars that are, you know, the neck's a little bit bent and it's a little bit out of tune. I want to work and battle it and conquer it and make it express whatever attitude I have at that moment. I want it to be a struggle.
Most of my arguments with musicians through the years have had more to do with their attitude about music, or their attitude about their own lives, or their personal responsibility. Music has never really been the big centerpiece of the fight.
I love everybody. One of the great things about me is that I have a very positive attitude.
Mankind's true moral test, its fundamental test (which lies deeply buried from view), consists of its attitude towards those who are at its mercy: animals. And in this respect mankind has suffered a fundamental debacle, a debacle so fundamental that all others stem from it.
It's sort of a mental attitude about critical thinking and curiosity. It's about mindset of looking at the world in a playful and curious and creative way.
Punk was defined by an attitude rather than a musical style.
I think people feel threatened by homosexuality. The problem isn't about gay people, the problem is about the attitude towards gay people. People think that all gays are Hannibal Lecters. But gay people are sons and daughters, politicians and doctors, American heroes and daughters of American heroes.
I have this theory that, depending on your attitude, your life doesn't have to become this ridiculous charade that it seems so many people end up living.
It was just like a dream. I could have ended up with an album that's not all that different from anything else coming out of Nashville. Mutt made the difference. He took these songs, my attitude, my creativity, and colored them in a way that is unique.
I look at Jagger and the like and if I see a good attitude I'll admire it but I wouldn't copy their style.
My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never.
Today's youth are told to get rich or die trying and they really shouldn't take that attitude forward with them.
The purely agitational attitude is not good enough for a detailed consideration of a subject.
Not every religion has to have St. Augustine's attitude to sex. Why even in our culture marriages are celebrated in a church, everyone present knows what is going to happen that night, but that doesn't prevent it being a religious ceremony.
Never refuse an assignment except when there is a conflict of interest, a potential of danger to you or your family, or you hold a strongly biased attitude about the subject under focus.
We can revolutionize the attitude of inner city brown and black kids to learning. We need a civil rights movement within the African-American community.
It's a question of keeping one's eyes and ears open and watching how other people play the game. They're watching me too, to see what my attitude is like.
Yes, we're still five little people with a noisy attitude.
In individual industries where female labour pays an important role, any movement advocating better wages, shorter working hours, etc., would not be doomed from the start because of the attitude of those women workers who are not organized.
On 'Van Halen,' I was a young punk, and everything revolved around the fastest kid in town, gunslinger attitude. But I'd say that at the time of 'Fair Warning,' I started concentrating more on songwriting. But I guess in most people's minds I'm just a gunslinger.
Design is about point of view, and there should be some sort of woman or lifestyle or attitude in one's head as a designer.
Liberalism is an attitude rather than a set of dogmas - an attitude that insists upon questioning all plausible and self-evident propositions, seeking not to reject them but to find out what evidence there is to support them rather than their possible alternatives.
The Dolls were an attitude. If nothing else they were a great attitude.
I was impressed by Hendrix. His attitude was brilliant. Even the way he walked was amazing.
The best way to inspire people to superior performance is to convince them by everything you do and by your everyday attitude that you are wholeheartedly supporting them.
The attitude that nature is chaotic and that the artist puts order into it is a very absurd point of view, I think. All that we can hope for is to put some order into ourselves.
Britishness is just a way of putting things together and a certain don't care attitude about clothes. You don't care, you just do it and it looks great.
It remains to consider what attitude thoughtful men and Christian believers should take respecting them, and how they stand related to beliefs of another order.
Surfers have the most attitude.
I've never run into a guy who could win at the top level in anything today and didn't have the right attitude, didn't give it everything he had, at least while he was doing it wasn't prepared and didn't have the whole program worked out.
That's what I love from metal, and that's what I love from hip-hop. That's what I love from any music that's hard, that's got an edge to it-The attitude in it.
That attitude that fighting is probably not fair, but you have to defend yourself anyway and damage the enemy, has been profoundly consequential as far as my political activism goes.
Seek out that particular mental attribute which makes you feel most deeply and vitally alive, along with which comes the inner voice which says, 'This is the real me,' and when you have found that attitude, follow it.
My grandfather was a man, when he talked about freedom, his attitude was really interesting. His view was that you had obligations or you had responsibilities, and when you fulfilled those obligations or responsibilities, that then gave you the liberty to do other things.
I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating. Most people attach failure to something not working out or how people perceive you. This way, it is about answering to yourself.
Part of our western outlook stems from the scientific attitude and its method of isolating the parts of a phenomenon in order to analyze them.
There is a single thread of attitude, a single direction of flow, that joins our present time to its early burgeoning in Mediterranean civilization.
We live in a country that used to have a can-do attitude, and now we have a 'what-can-you-do-for-me?' attitude, and what I try to do is find ways that we can develop common ground.
Could we change our attitude, we should not only see life differently, but life itself would come to be different.
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight.
An attitude to life which seeks fulfillment in the single-minded pursuit of wealth - in short, materialism - does not fit into this world, because it contains within itself no limiting principle, while the environment in which it is placed is strictly limited.
You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it.
What was past was past. I suppose that was the general attitude.
Iraq is just a symbol of the attitude of western democracies to the rest of the world.
I don't mean this in a stuck-up way, but I needed an attitude song.
I met my grandfather just before he died, and it was the first time that I had seen Dad with a relative of his. It was interesting to see my own father as a son and the body language and alteration in attitude that comes with that, and it sort of changed our relationship for the better.
I don't think it's a good attitude in your life to feel that you have to be rich to have self-esteem.
All we need, really, is a change from a near frigid to a tropical attitude of mind.
An aristocratic culture does not advertise its emotions. In its forms of expression it is sober and reserved. Its general attitude is stoic.
I was impressed by Hendrix. Not so much by his playing, as his attitude - he wasn't a great player, but everything else about him was brilliant.
Attitude is attitude, whether you're a West Coast gangster or East Coast gangster, you know?
You know, I always say white is not a colour, white is an attitude, and if you haven't got trillions of dollars in the bank that you don't need, you can't be white.
Being a part of SKECHERS is exciting. It is such a hip company with a great attitude and image.
It is precisely the purpose of the public opinion generated by the press to make the public incapable of judging, to insinuate into it the attitude of someone irresponsible, uninformed.
Coaches will eventually notice a great attitude, and they respect that.
The novelist teaches the reader to comprehend the world as a question. There is wisdom and tolerance in that attitude. In a world built on sacrosanct certainties the novel is dead.
No one's going to be able to operate without a grounding in the basic sciences. Language would be helpful, although English is becoming increasingly international. And travel. You have to have a global attitude.
My second husband believed I had such a fickle attitude to friendship that each Friday he would update the list of my 'Top Ten' friends in the manner of a Top Of The Pops chart countdown.
If you can kill animals, the same attitude can kill human beings. The mentality is the same which exploits nature and which creates wars.
My attitude is, do as much as I can while I'm free. And if I'm arrested I'll still do as much as I can.
There are a lot of movies I'd like to throw away. That's not to say that I went in with that attitude. Any film I ever started, I went in with all the hope and best intentions in the world, but some films just don't work.
By making a comeback, I'm changing the attitude of people toward me. If I'd known that people would react so enthusiastically, I'd have done it years ago.
Today, I think the attitude is that governing is not necessarily good politics, and the result is that it's much more partisan and much more divided.
That term's definitely got a negative aura to it, because people think a diva is somebody with an attitude who demands things all the time. Of course there is that type of diva, but my idea of a diva has always been a singer - whether male or female - who gets on that stage and captivates you with their presence and their voice.
Oh, I don't think Tom Sowell would tell anybody to join the administration. That's not his style. But I think his attitude has always been if it had to be done he'd prefer me to do it than somebody else.
The Senator from Massachusetts has given us ample grounds to doubt the judgment and the attitude he brings to bear on vital issues of national security.
I perfectly understood President Obama's attitude throughout the French presidential campaign. He had no reason to distance himself from Nicolas Sarkozy. It's the basic solidarity that leaders who worked together owe to each other.
I think it has something to do with being British. We don't take ourselves as seriously as some other countries do. I think a lot of people take themselves far too seriously I find that a very tedious attitude.
I failed the LSAT. Basically, if I had not failed, I'd have been a lawyer and there would be no Spanx. I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating.
My attitude to writing is like when you do wallpapering, you remember where all the little bits are that don't meet. And then your friends say: It's terrific!
Liberalism is a really old British tradition and it has a completely different attitude towards the individual and the relationship between the individual and the state than the collectivist response of Labour, and particularly Old Labour, does.
I've always had a 'Work hard, play hard' attitude to life - I still do - but sometimes you get involved in something that needs a calm, methodical approach.
I've always considered myself to be fiercely patriotic. I love Britain - its history and the down-to-earth attitude people have.
There is a brief moment when all there is in a man's mind and soul and spirit is reflected through his eyes, his hands, his attitude. This is the moment to record.
I was fortunate to play for Pete Rose and have teammates like Ken Griffey Sr., Tony Perez and Dave Concepcion. I grew up in the game with a mature attitude. I've always known it was better to be seen and not heard.
I've never been out with any of the cast of Coronation Street. We're all very close friends so it's very much a professional attitude.
Nothing. We're all friends and friendly. So when the cameras go down, depending on the mood or the nature of the material we're dealing with, there's usually a kind of a prevailing light attitude that's floating around.
My father instilled in me the attitude of prevailing. If there's a challenge, go for it. If there's a wall to break down, break it down.
Just as the left has to be more willing to question 'Government knows best,' the right has to rethink its laissez-faire attitude toward government.
The attitude of insolent haughtiness is characteristic of the relationships Americans form with what is alien to them, with others.
Although as a sailor I despised politics - for I loved my sailor's life and still love it today - conditions forced me to take up a definite attitude towards political problems.
How do you nurture a positive attitude when all the statistics say you're a dead man? You go to work.
The pilot looked at his cues of attitude and speed and orientation and so on and responded as he would from the same cues in an airplane, but there was no way it flew the same. The simulators had showed us that.
It was my father who instilled the 'never say no' attitude I carry around with me today, and who instilled in me a sense of wonder, always taking us on adventures in the car, never telling us the destination.
For a writer only one form of patriotism exists: his attitude toward language.
Gardening is not trivial. If you believe that it is, closely examine why you feel that way. You may discover that this attitude has been forced upon you by mass media and the crass culture it creates and maintains. The fact is, gardening is just the opposite - it is, or should be, a central, basic expression of human life.
Becoming an author changes your attitude too. Once you see where books come from, and how they're made, they never seem quite as sacred again.
I was bringing my attitude as a regular person 'cause this is my attitude.
If you can attribute your success entirely to your own mental effort, to your own attitude, to some spiritual essence that you have that is better than other people's, then that must feel pretty good.
I fell in love with Erica Kane the summer before my freshman year of high school. Like all red-blooded teen American boys, I'd come home from water polo practice and eat a box of Entenmann's Pop'Ems donut holes in front of the TV while obsessively fawning over 'All My Children' and Erica, her clothes, and her narcissistic attitude.
Films for TV have to be much closer to the book, mainly because the objective with a TV movie that translates literature is to get the audience, after seeing this version, to pick up the book and read it themselves. My attitude is that TV can never really be any form of art, because it serves audience expectations.
You can't beat the beehive for glam punkette attitude.
I haven't seen Clones, which has been during this period when I haven't seen much of anything, but I did see Phantom Menace, and see my feelings about it - see, first of all, I think that when you make a lot of movies, your attitude about the movies changes.
My attitude is always one of sensuality, aggressive enthusiasm and a kind of outrageousness in my expression.
Epic poetry exhibits life in some great symbolic attitude. It cannot strictly be said to symbolize life itself, but always some manner of life.
When you retire, it's a place in life, a part of the journey. You just don't quit work you develop an attitude where you can do what you please.
When a parent shows up with an attitude of entitlement, understand that under it is a boatload of anxiety.
What reader wants to be told what attitude to strike?
My denial and irresponsible attitude about asthma put me at great risk and caused me so much needless suffering. My hope is that the kids I talk to learn to open up about their asthma, become educated about their condition, and seek help.
Woman must have her freedom, the fundamental freedom of choosing whether or not she will be a mother and how many children she will have. Regardless of what man's attitude may be, that problem is hers - and before it can be his, it is hers alone.
Even as a little child, I've always had that comedian kind of attitude.
I mean, the shoe - there is a music to it, there is attitude, there is sound, it's a movement. Clothes - it's a different story. There are a million things I'd rather do before designing clothes: directing, landscaping.
In just the same way the thousands of successive positions of a runner are contracted into one sole symbolic attitude, which our eye perceives, which art reproduces, and which becomes for everyone the image of a man who runs.
I cannot say that the attitude of the United Nations always is for the Israeli attitude. Israel, I think, has been under severe attacks by members of the United Nations many times.
I love her attitude, but as much as I'd like to bring my medals to a speech or appearance, I never do.
We must advertise to U.S. business that we are there, that our attitude has changed, and that we care. When we are asked to help, we have to perform and provide the right advice.
The American attitude towards efficiency and execution should always underlie architecture.
I have such an extreme attitude about work, where I can just completely be derelict of my responsibilities and then when I am not derelict, I am completely indulged in it. I swing pretty wildly from the two extremes.
I have a political attitude, but I'm certainly not a politician.
I think my attitude to human beings has changed since leaving prison.
I went to the Performing Arts School and studied classical ballet. That attitude is something that's put into your head. You are never thin enough.
I have always detested any departure from reality, an attitude which I relate to my mother's poor mental health.
With just about every player in Australia, his whole goal and ambition is to play for Australia. That's why they're playing first class cricket. It's just a different attitude.
Right after 'Raymond' I had a world-is-my-oyster attitude, but I found out I don't like oysters. I had this existential emptiness. 'What is my purpose? Who am I?' I had a big identity crisis.
What sculptors do is represent the essence of gesture. What is important in mime is attitude.
It really was hand-to-mouth and you can say, 'Poor little me, how dreadful, what a deprived childhood', but I didn't feel that way at all. It's all about the attitude at home.
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards.
You know what's funny to me? Attitude.
The characteristic political attitude of today is not one of positive belief, but of despair.
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.
Mainly what I learned from Buddy... was an attitude. He loved music, and he taught me that it shouldn't have any barriers to it.
I think fun is an important part of the entertainment industry, and it should be. Anybody who's not incorporating some of that into their work needs to take a break, go away, and have an attitude adjustment.
I have played on many teams throughout my career, and I know when a team has the tools, and the right positive attitude towards winning.
Vampires are so old that they don't need to impress anyone anymore. They're comfortable in their own skin. It's this enigmatic strength that's very romantic and old-fashioned. I think it goes back to something of a Victorian attitude of finding a strong man who's going to look after his woman.
What I wish I had, is that I wish I was a little more Greek, in that I wish I could lose my North American driven attitude and that I could be a little bit more poetic and laissez faire.
I was always the guy getting kicked out of my classes at school for having an attitude problem.
And I tell you, having girls has made me a much better man. I have friends who are fathers, but they only have boys, and they have the same attitude toward women they always had, you know? And I don't play that... My girls, you mess with them? I will bury you underground.
Style is a reflection of your attitude and your personality.
If a person can be said to have the wrong attitude, there is no need to pay attention to his arguments.
The attitude is we live and let live. This is actually an amazing change in values in a rather short time and it's an example of freedom from religion.
Not to discriminate every moment some passionate attitude in those about us, and in the very brilliancy of their gifts some tragic dividing on their ways, is, on this short day of frost and sun, to sleep before evening.
Players should know that if you can't make the contribution of the winning shot, that your attitude every day when you come to practice, or the positive contribution you make through cheering and keeping up team morale, is just as important in the overall picture.
It's not the style that motivates me, as much as an attitude of openness that I have when I go into a project.
The place of chess in the society is closely related to the attitude of young people towards our game.
We assume that we've come so far as compassionate citizens of the world if we do choose to read the news, yet the attitude towards life can be one where we put blinders on and forget that there are civil wars going on. It's easy to forget that there are so many people starving to death every single day.
The jokes are great but what really matters for a comedian is his performance, his whole attitude, and the laughs that he gets between the jokes rather than on top of the jokes.
There were a few teachers who just did not like me because of my face. Once, I was told to stand in the corner until I cheered up. The attitude was, 'Oh, for God's sake, what's the matter with him?' But it's just a natural expression.
I'm just part of a tradition of people who aren't pleased. I would never think anyone else who has the same attitude was getting it from me. I'd just think they're... sensible.
The key to life is your attitude. Whether you're single or married or have kids or don't have kids, it's how you look at your life, what you make of it. It's about making the best of your life wherever you are in life.
If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor.
When a woman puts on a heel, she has a different posture, a different attitude. She really stands up and has a consciousness of her body.
Whenever I'm having a bad day and have an attitude, I stay home. I keep it at home.
You don't have to have an attitude if you're famous.
I need that aggressive attitude to play my music and more men have that attitude than women.
But Jesus changes your attitude towards yourself and towards other people.
But I think bands that rolled in with a big attitude, like they were some big deal, I just found that very strange.
What irritates me is the bland way people go around saying, 'Oh, our attitude has changed. We don't dislike these people any more.' But by the strangest coincidence, they haven't taken away the injustice the laws are still on the books.
There is definitely something sexy about a girl with an attitude and a pair of leather pants.
The phenomenon of home schooling is a wonderful example of the American can-do attitude. Growing numbers of parents have become disenchanted with government-run public schools. Many parents have simply taken matters into their own hands, literally.
Regardless of what one's attitude towards prohibition may be, temperance is something against which, at a time of war, no reasonable protest can be made.
At home in Ireland, there's a habit of avoidance, an ironical attitude towards the authority figure.
Even if people do wrong, we're social animals, so what can we do about stopping them doing the same things in future? Saying people are 'bad' or 'evil' is just an unwillingness to engage an unwillingness to try to empathise. That sanctimonious attitude doesn't help anyone.
People have often asked if I'm gay because I don't go out of my way to spit and scratch and give people attitude.
I don't return anybody's calls unless it's going to mean extra money for me. And I've completely cut off all relationships with any friends that I had before the show. And I've copped an attitude.
A positive attitude is something everyone can work on, and everyone can learn how to employ it.
My feelings about my mortality are less selfish than they used to be. I used to affect a cavalier attitude to death now I see it from my son's perspective.
The U.S. tries to provide immigrants who grow up here with a world-class education and imbue them with the can-do attitude that has long defined American innovation.
The attitude of independence toward a constructed language which all national speakers must adopt is really a great advantage, because it tends to make man see himself as the master of language instead of its obedient servant.
I feel like I have as good a shot as anybody out there and I have gotten close in the past, so why not have the attitude that I can come out and play great tennis and maybe even win this tournament.
Art is the child of Nature yes, her darling child, in whom we trace the features of the mother's face, her aspect and her attitude.
I just think that people take me a little more seriously as a brunette. I don't know if that's just because of a societal preconceived notion that all blondes are stupid, but it's a different kind of attitude.
I came back to performing with a different attitude about performing and myself. I wasn't expecting perfection any more, just hoping for an occasional inspiration.
The purely agitation attitude is not good enough for a detailed consideration of a subject.
Animals have a much better attitude to life and death than we do. They know when their time has come. We are the ones that suffer when they pass, but it's a healing kind of grief that enables us to deal with other griefs that are not so easy to grab hold of.
Only one thing can conquer war - that attitude of mind which can see nothing in war but destruction and annihilation.
I just really think every job I do, I get this gypsy attitude to money.
My personal view is that such total planning by the state is an absolute good and not simply a relative good... I do not myself think of the attitude I take as deriving from Marx - though this undoubtedly will be suggested - but from Fichte and Hegel.
There's a punk-rock attitude, clearly, to 'Hated.' There's even a punk-rock attitude to 'The Hangover,' I think. We start the movie with a Glenn Danzig song.
The American attitude is 'We're the best'. That's why the NBA guys who come from other countries, the Europeans, all sort of stick together away from the game.
The problem was just a mean attitude that festers and has to be challenged.
I'm not anti-fashion, but I've always had a bit of a punk attitude. That's important, I think. I do my own thing.
To so enter into it in nature and art that the enjoyed meanings of life may become a part of living is the attitude of aesthetic appreciation.
The traditional Christian attitude toward human personality was that human nature was essentially good and that it was formed and modified by social pressures and training.
My parents have a strong work ethic, but their attitude to life, their philosophy, is: 'whatever makes you happy.'
Bob Altman had this relaxed but serious attitude. Everybody loved him. I wanted him to adopt me.
The pool is terrible, but that doesn't have much to do with my record swims. That's all mental attitude.
Fame can be just so annoying because people are so critical of you. You can't just say, 'hi'. You say hi and people whisper' man did you see the way she said hi? What an attitude.
My dad instilled in me a great sense of humor. I wasn't bullied at school because my outward attitude was confident, and that helps.
The attitude and capacity of the factory, the old metal table and the new ideas of the wooden furniture quickly and naturally suggested the possibility of metal furniture.
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing vitality of FORTRAN.
Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs. Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do.
It goes without saying that the Jewish people can have no other goal than Palestine and that, whatever the fate of the proposition may be, our attitude toward the land of our fathers is and shall remain unchangeable.
That attitude toward women as objects may have worked for the late Sixties, but it doesn't do so now.
The time I spent thinking about how I was better than somebody else or worrying about somebody else's attitude was time I could put to better use.
I really believe you can predict when someone has a great attitude, a real well of talent.
It is impossible to exaggerate the wide, and widening, gulf between the American attitude on the Iraq war and the view from our friends across the Atlantic.
As a team, you need to come from behind every once in awhile just to do it. Good for the attitude. It makes it exciting. And when everybody knows you have to throw it... that makes it fun too.
I hope 'The Voice' has a fifteen-year run, don't get me wrong. But I come from nothing, and maybe it's the Irish in me, but my attitude is always like, 'They'll figure me out soon.'
Time plays a role in almost every decision. And some decisions define your attitude about time.
UFO's' attitude toward the subject is very similar to mine. It's not an advocacy its philosophy is more 'I want to believe this, but I want it proved.
The music is first and foremost everything - no egos, no attitude, nothing - it's about the music.
But having said that, there's also a sea change in attitude towards media.
Jazz in itself is not struggling. That is, the music itself is not struggling... It's the attitude that's in trouble. My plays insist that we should not forget or toss away our history.
As the time goes by, you change, your learn new things, your attitude is different. For the moment, I'm still enjoying ski racing so much that it would be difficult for me to think about ending my career.
My attitude on skis is different now. I have learned to put less pressure on myself and on the edges of my skis when I'm racing, to be keep myself more under control.
Our attitude is that we want to cross over. You can't go on making records just for your own hometown.
I do not share the half-in, half-out attitude to the EU of some in Britain. Britain's place is in Europe.
I think that the U.S. does have this very much more open attitude, and I admire it very much and I think it's very important to the world. But the information and the discussion sometimes come too late, after the effective decision has been made.
The Stones are a different kind of group. I realized that when I joined them. It's not really so much their musical ability, it's just they have a certain kind of style and attitude which is unique.
Even with, or perhaps, because of, this background, I have over the past few years sensed a very dramatic change in attitude on the part of Prince Edward Islanders towards the on-going rush for so-called modernization.
If you're looking for can-do, earthy-crunchy attitude then you've got to go to Wisconsin.
You can have a laugh in Los Angeles, or you can weep in Los Angeles, depending on your attitude towards it.
People are patronizing the theatres with renewed enthusiasm - there is an entire picnic-like attitude when families go out to see movies, which is a very good sign. They want to see larger-than-life characters on the big screen and not just watch movies on television or on DVDs.
The theatre only knows what it's doing next week, not like the opera, where they say: What are we going to do in five years' time? A completely different attitude.
I'm not a music lover in the sense that I look for something to have on. I've never had that attitude to music.
I think one of the things that language poets are very involved with is getting away from conventional ideas of beauty, because those ideas contain a certain attitude toward women, certain attitudes toward sex, certain attitudes toward race, etc.
Too many people say to their brokers, I can't deal with this. Take my money. Do what you want. That's the worst attitude you can have.
If philosophy is practice, a demand to know the manner in which its history is to be studied is entailed: a theoretical attitude toward it becomes real only in the living appropriation of its contents from the texts.
I am shocked by the easy attitude of many in the media towards disclosing our Nation's secrets.
I always give Lindsay so much credit for her tennis game, for her attitude, for her person, and because of how she deals with all the things. I don't think people give her enough credit for how well she's doing.
I don't know that I have any role models now that are fixed. Definitely my mom - she's the coolest. She's worked really hard her whole life and I just think she's got a great attitude. Moms just know so much it's so silly.
It's tricky. I've never been standing at the top of the tree with tons of money thrown at me. I've never really had a profile. So in a way I have this 'nothing to lose' attitude.
Lead singers not only do the majority of the work, but their personalities are singled out and taken as the general attitude of the unit.
It's better for me to play with guys because Rock 'n' Roll has such an aggressive attitude.
I think Nina Simone has had an amazing journey. She was spicy and she had attitude and she didn't care, she wanted her money in a paper bag and don't mess with me and I've been doing some research on that so.
I kind of resent this attitude of men that we somehow must always look good.
Bambi can't act. Bambi had major attitude.
I'm a big fan of Courtney Love. I love Hole and I love her acting and I love her attitude. I just hope I never meet her in a dark alley.
I do support a sex-positive attitude for young people. Use condoms, that's important. I love the idea that promiscuity can be healthy but it's got some dodgy crevasses. Ooh, that's a bad reference! But it's got some dangerous cavities there. You know what I'm saying.
The war changed everybody's attitude. We became international almost overnight.
As I wrote, I found that Aibileen had some things to say that really weren't in her character. She was older, soft-spoken, and she started showing some attitude.
I like England more than I did when I left. It's become a bit of a better country in the last ten years, in the attitude of it. A bit more Americanized, which is both good and bad. At least when you order a cup of coffee they don't give you a hard time.
What a stupid attitude we have in this country to personal stories.
I have a Woody Allen Jewish attitude to life: that it's all going to be disastrous. That it hasn't all been that way is simply down to some random quirk of fate.
My attitude toward graduate students was different, I must say. I used graduate students as colleagues: I gave them the best problems to work on, and I encouraged them.
Tommie Aaron taught me how to have a good attitude, to be easy going and not get uptight.
In aid, the proper attitude is one omitting gratitude.
In Scotland over many years we have cultivated through our justice system what I hope can be described as a 'culture of compassion.' On the other hand, there still exists in many parts of the U.S., if not nationally, an attitude towards the concept of justice which can only be described as a 'culture of vengeance.'
Any time I need to get a serious attitude adjustment, I put on one of their records, and there are examples there for all time to keep us honest and keep us reaching they'll never be eclipsed.
I always had the attitude that I wanted to throw a no-hitter every game.
I like actors that are good with pantomime and that can transmit a lot by their presence and attitude more than through their dialogue.
Having a child makes you strong and gives you chutzpah. It relaxed my attitude to the job my center of focus shifted, which I think is very helpful, because even if you're not a very indulgent actor you spend a lot of time thinking about yourself. I don't think that is particularly healthy.
I always said punk was an attitude. It was never about having a Mohican haircut or wearing a ripped T-shirt. It was all about destruction, and the creative potential within that.
Sid Vicious began the age of participation in which everyone could be the artist. Sid proved that you don't have to play well to be the star. You can play badly, or not even at all. I endorsed that attitude. If you can't write songs, no problem - simply steal one and change it to your taste.
Abhorrence of apartheid is a moral attitude, not a policy.
Every baseball crowd, like every theatre audience, has its own distinctive attitude and atmosphere.
Football is my profession now. I'm getting married in August... It's a new experience for me as someone just getting out of college. I still have the same attitude about football I always had. I play hard. I enjoy practice. I'd rather be throwing in passing drills than sitting around and watching TV.
The attitude we have towards our personal pets as opposed to the animals that suffer under the factory farm is hypocritical and delusional.
Certain kinds of speed, flow, intensity, density of attacks, density of interaction... Music that concentrates on those qualities is, I think, easier achieved by free improvisation between people sharing a common attitude, a common language.
I saw 'Taxi Driver,' and 'Taxi Driver' kind of saved my life. The scene where Robert De Niro is looking at himself in the mirror saying, 'You talkin' to me? You talkin' to me? Who the hell else are you talkin' to?' That's the scene that changed my life by changing my attitude about acting.
I've always been a guy who's pretty supportive, its just my nature, so I came in to the situation with the attitude that I wanted to support Johnny and make it work.
I thought I was going to be killed. The casualties were so heavy, it was just a given. I learned to take each day, each mission, as it came. That's an attitude I've carried into my professional life. I take each case, each job, as it comes.
What has happened is that to some degree they have taken an attitude where they don't listen to demos of diverse subject matters. They're looking for demos like the record the guy on the left just did.
Here you do have forests, where pigs could be raised by letting them root about in the forests for a good part of the year. Therefore, you have a different attitude toward them compared with what continues to exist in the Middle East.
The attitude of physiological psychology to sensations and feelings, considered as psychical elements, is, naturally, the attitude of psychology at large.
This generation... they have a different attitude. Instead of sitting and watching something, they want to be a part of it - they're very hedonistic and sensual.
We have become aware of the responsibility for our attitude towards the dark pages in our history. We have understood that bad service is done to the nation by those who are impelling to renounce that past.
But I do think that we approach music, in of itself, with a religious attitude.
I think that generally music should be a positive thing, I like Bob Marley's attitude: he said that his goal in life was to single handedly fight all the evil in the world with nothing but music, and when he went to a place he didn't go to play, he went to conquer.
You'd like more people to recognise what you do is special. But I take the attitude that the best thing I can do for my sport is to be the best at it. The best way people will come to recognise that track and field is a great sport is to see athletes excelling at it. Which is what I intend to do.
So at a time in which the media give the public everything it wants and desires, maybe art should adopt a much more aggressive attitude towards the public. I myself am very much inclined to take this position.
Modern Orthodoxy has a highly positive attitude toward the State of Israel. Our Ultra-Orthodox brethren recognize only the Holy Land, but not the state.
I'm not going to take this defeatist attitude and listen to all this crap any more from all these people who have nothing except doomsday to predict.
A series of rumors about my attitude, as well as derogatory remarks about myself and my family showed me that the personal resentment of the Detroit general manager toward me would make it impossible for me to continue playing hockey in Detroit.
Before 'Gangnam Style' I was not a good attitude artist.
Women didn't want to be on the stage with other women because they didn't want their bodies to be compared. They didn't want another female act opening for them because of this weird competitive and tokenistic attitude.
Listen, whatever makes the movie better. That's the attitude you have to have.
Reason is an action of the mind knowledge is a possession of the mind but faith is an attitude of the person. It means you are prepared to stake yourself on something being so.
Hardboiled crime fiction came of age in 'Black Mask' magazine during the Twenties and Thirties. Writers like Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler learnt their craft and developed a distinct literary style and attitude toward the modern world.
I don't think people are fools, and I think they deserve a good attitude and smart entertainment.
Hollywood's a very weird place. I think there's less of everything except for attitude.
My agent says that I'm a 'repeat business guy.' If you hire me to come do a movie, I'll be on time, know all my material, be ready to go, have a good attitude. I'm here to work, so I get hired over and over again by the same producers. If you just be a team player on set you can work so much more often.
What do you mean by faith? Is faith enough for Man? Should he be satisfied with faith alone? Is there no way of finding out the truth? Is the attitude of faith, of believing in something for which there can be no more than philosophic proof, the true mark of a Christian?
I still have a young attitude.
Elvis Costello had a brand new bag. He was a musician, but he knew all about the attitude part of it.
The world is full of musicians who can play great, and you wouldn't cross the road to see them. It's people who have this indefinable attitude that are the good ones.
After working for years in Hollywood where the actors have taken over, it was a real relief to get down there and not only have some children, but also have some actors that had no attitude.
When you are facing the wilderness on your own, you have a totally different attitude to someone who works in government or who has a monthly cheque.
If you go on stage with the wrong attitude, or something in your performance is off, you can lose an audience in the first minute. That first minute is crucial.
We can do better in higher education. And it is more than just technology. It's also an attitude on the part of faculty. We need to think through how we can produce a better quality product at less cost.
In terms of work I've always had a Bad Attitude in that I won't work anywhere which requires me to work strict hours or follow a dress code. I don't know if that's an Asperger's thing or not, I think it's just being reasonable.
Attitude is your acceptance of the natural laws, or your rejection of the natural laws.
Look, everything that you experience as a kid is the foundation of how you are today. I was brought up in a working class family in Leeds and when it comes to money both my parents worked hard and instilled the same attitude into me.
With my talent, I can make people laugh and give them another attitude about life. What a blessing that is for me.
Acting is magical. Change your look and your attitude, and you can be anyone.
When I first left university, I thought about going into the private sector. But I discovered when I went to interview that I could only have a career in the back office, or doing HR. The attitude was, 'My dear lady, you cannot possibly think about going on the board.'
It got very tedious saying the same jokes in the same way with the same attitude.
In regard to music, I just think that it's always best to have an attitude of being a perpetual student and always look to learn something new about music, because there's always something new to learn.
Canadians tend to be a bit more religious than most Europeans - though not more than the Poles or Ukrainians. Most important, their attitude to immigration and ethnic minorities is more positive than that of most Europeans.
The townspeople outside the reservations had a very superior attitude toward Indians, which was kind of funny, because they weren't very wealthy they were on the fringes of society themselves.
My attitude about Hollywood is that I wouldn't walk across the street to pull one of those executives out of the snow if he was bleeding to death. Not unless I was paid for it. None of them ever did me any favors.
All ideas come about through some sort of observation. It sparks an attitude some object or emotion causes a reaction in the other person.
There are a lot of female artists my age around at the moment, but they're all American and blonde and blue-eyed and smiley. I'm totally the opposite of that. I want to show a bit more attitude and I have an opinion.
I try and have a relaxed attitude and stay quite switched off until about an hour before kick-off.
I think it has other roots, has to do, in part, with a general anxiety in contemporary life... nuclear bombs, inequality of possibility and chance, inequality of goods allotted to us, a kind of general racist, unjust attitude that is pervasive.
There has been a change in attitude, though.
I want to work with kids and help develop them, show them the right way, the right morals and attitude into how to become a better footballer. Australia has many different cultures but I'd like to bring in the indigenous style, bring their competitiveness, athleticism and raw ability into the frame.
There is no planning. On the night it is really great, it's euphoria and if it is not so great there is always tomorrow night. That was his attitude.
My grandmother is this amazingly theatrical woman. She acted like a movie star, as far as looks and attitude, kind of like Susan Hayward.
If I don't make the team out of spring training, I'll keep a good attitude. I'll just go polish up the parts of my game that made me not stay in the big leagues.
If a site is done with pleasure and a fun attitude, it's a great way to communicate with your fans.
I know a lot of Eastern Europeans, and because of what they have been through and what they have seen, they have an attitude where they are not easily fooled.
I always have one or two, sometimes more, Navajo or other tribes' cultural elements in mind when I start a plot. In Thief of Time, I wanted to make readers aware of Navajo attitude toward the dead, respect for burial sites.
In the business world today, failure is apparently not an option. We need to change this attitude toward failure - and celebrate the idea that only by falling on our collective business faces do we learn enough to succeed down the road.
I came on to the film with a very happy-go-lucky attitude which I think my character, Charlie, did when she went into the house. I expected it to be good, and then slowly things started to change for us all.
I have the same attitude with work - I like to go to work, I like to work really hard I, like to give everything my all, I like to try things that are new, you know.
There does not seem to be that collegiality I referred to, there seems to be much more of a them versus us attitude, rather than we all have a role to play in this process so let's get on with it.
I will not get very far with this attitude.
Turkey wants a policy of engagement exactly like President Obama's new approach. Policy of engagement, less confrontation, less tense attitude, especially in the region.
I was entirely natural and in many ways I have the same attitude now. I don't mourn the loss of my youth because I believe you should enjoy what you have while you have it.
Our new attitude is how can we put you in front of our customer.
Unfortunately, the attitude of many towards the press, humanitarians included and especially government workers, is often one of suspicion, if not outright fear.
After the first miscarriage, I tried to take the attitude that it was my body's way of telling me that this pregnancy wasn't meant to be.
America won the Cold War by protecting our strategic resources from the threat of foreign control. We must bring the same attitude to our trade relationship with China.
Our spiritual attitude is determined by our conception of our relation to infinite spirit.
It's really interesting with art-movies too, but art especially - to see how your attitude toward artists and works and your level of appreciation of them is always shifting and changing over the years.
My opponents attitude is, 'If it moves, tax it, if it keeps moving, regulate it and when it stops, subsidize it.
The artist is not responsible to any one. His social role is asocial... his only responsibility consists in an attitude to the work he does.
Somehow, the greater the public opposition to the health care bill, the more determined they seem to force it on us anyway. Their attitude shows Washington at its very worst - the presumption that they know best, and they're going to get their way whether the American people like it or not.
You know, who cares about seeing the girls when everybody wants to see the band. That's what's important, KISS is important. I think we look great, and the attitude is there, and I'm real happy with it.
Athletic competition clearly defines the unique power of our attitude.
I'm going to try to enjoy the All-Star break, hope my players reflect on what happened the first half of the season, come back with a different attitude, try to find our solution on how to win it.
I won't say there aren't any Harvard graduates who have never asserted a superior attitude. But they have done so to our great embarrassment and in no way represent the Harvard I know.
Its attitude, which it has preached and practiced, is skepticism. Now, it finds, the public is applying that skepticism to the press.
Each experience through which we pass operates ultimately for our good. This is a correct attitude to adopt and we must be able to see it in that light.
When I drank, I had a very different attitude towards my playing. It was sloppier but I kind of liked it that way. It was like the alcohol was telling my mind what to do.
I think we're in good hands. There's definitely much more momentum in bringing in good things to help support the show. Everyone's got a good attitude about it and I think that makes all the difference.
That attitude does not exist so much today, but in those days there was a very sharp distinction between basic physics and applied physics. Columbia did not deal with applied physics.
My attitude towards drawing is not necessarily about drawing. It's about making the best kind of image I can make, it's about talking as clearly as I can.
The attitude of the people proves that not only do we want to, but that we can succeed in pulling our country out of the difficult position it finds itself in. The banking system of our country will survive and grow.
Patton was living in the Dark Ages. Soldiers were peasants to him. I didn't like that attitude.
Hence, within the space of two generations there has been a complete revolution in the attitude of the trades-unions toward the women working in their trades.
Bader's philosophy was my philosophy. His whole attitude to life was mine.
Americans have always had an ambivalent attitude toward intelligence. When they feel threatened, they want a lot of it, and when they don't, they regard the whole thing as somewhat immoral.
We will see that our new attitude toward liquor has been given to us without any thought or effort on our part. It just comes! That is the miracle of it.
If you eat something and get fat, you should be responsible for it. I think that is the attitude of the great majority of Americans, that you should be responsible for what you eat.
My deepest impulses are optimistic, an attitude that seems to me as spiritually necessary and proper as it is intellectually suspect.
I also had a mistaken attitude towards certain comrades.
I film quite a bit of footage, then edit. Changes before your eyes, things you can do and things you can't. My attitude is always 'let it keep rolling.'
Global political conditions make a direct American intervention difficult, but President Reagan's messianic and visceral attitude toward the Nicaraguan revolution could mean it will happen as an act of desperation.
Muslims have a very bad attitude to homosexuality, they're very intolerant.
Mental attitude and concentration are the keys to pitching.
My first feeling about the paper and the attitude is that it is absurd.
A discipline I have observed is an attitude of love and reverence to people.
The attitude of the actor is his interpretation of what he reads, and the written word is what creates the role in the actor's mind, and I guess in reading the things that were given to me, I reacted as you guys saw me, you know.
I can't believe the pro-choicers attitude toward unborn children-to me it's the ultimate liberal cause, to defend those without a voice.
An attitude of philosophic doubt, of suspended judgment, is repugnant to the natural man. Belief is an independent joy to him.
Even when I'm playing someone named Fat Amy, I'm all about confidence and attitude.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
To love beauty is to see light.
Beauty is only skin deep. If you go after someone just because she's beautiful but don't have anything to talk about, it's going to get boring fast. You want to look beyond the surface and see if you can have fun or if you have anything in common with this person.
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears.
People are like stained - glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives.
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases it will never pass into nothingness.
Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror.
A beauty is a woman you notice a charmer is one who notices you.
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
Flowers... are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world.
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.
Beauty and folly are old companions.
Rare is the union of beauty and purity.
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time.
The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman.
Beauty awakens the soul to act.
A witty woman is a treasure a witty beauty is a power.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever.
Beauty is all very well at first sight but who ever looks at it when it has been in the house three days?
Beauty has a lot to do with character.
There is no definition of beauty, but when you can see someone's spirit coming through, something unexplainable, that's beautiful to me.
For me the greatest beauty always lies in the greatest clarity.
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul.
I define nothing. Not beauty, not patriotism. I take each thing as it is, without prior rules about what it should be.
Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.
I do not have much patience with a thing of beauty that must be explained to be understood. If it does need additional interpretation by someone other than the creator, then I question whether it has fulfilled its purpose.
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
Beauty is not caused. It is.
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
Beauty is everywhere a welcome guest.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
Dear God! how beauty varies in nature and art. In a woman the flesh must be like marble in a statue the marble must be like flesh.
Beauty doesn't need ornaments. Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments.
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
Let us live for the beauty of our own reality.
Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false.
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.
Beauty is the promise of happiness.
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
Imagination disposes of everything it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
A women's greatest asset is her beauty.
Beauty is indeed a good gift of God but that the good may not think it a great good, God dispenses it even to the wicked.
Beauty is power a smile is its sword.
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.
If you look closely at a tree you'll notice it's knots and dead branches, just like our bodies. What we learn is that beauty and imperfection go together wonderfully.
Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain.
Beauty is only temporary, but your mind lasts you a lifetime.
Beauty is a fragile gift.
Beauty saves. Beauty heals. Beauty motivates. Beauty unites. Beauty returns us to our origins, and here lies the ultimate act of saving, of healing, of overcoming dualism.
In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty.
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies.
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman.
I gave my beauty and my youth to men. I am going to give my wisdom and experience to animals.
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer.
In youth and beauty, wisdom is but rare!
Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.
Having inner beauty is something you develop on your own, and I like to think I have that.
Beauty is less important than quality.
There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.
When virtue and modesty enlighten her charms, the lustre of a beautiful woman is brighter than the stars of heaven, and the influence of her power it is in vain to resist.
Beauty is variable, ugliness is constant.
Oliver Stone
The ideal beauty is a fugitive which is never found.
Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future.
Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?
No matter what a woman's appearance may be, it will be used to undermine what she is saying and taken to individualize - as her personal problem - observations she makes about the beauty myth in society.
Vampires have always held a very seductive kind of lore and have always been some variety of attractive, whether it's attractiveness that's born of just the physical attributes that they have - this kind of ethereal beauty or translucent pallor - or whether it is more to do with the way they carry themselves.
If you don't die of thirst, there are blessings in the desert. You can be pulled into limitlessness, which we all yearn for, or you can do the beauty of minutiae, the scrimshaw of tiny and precise. The sky is your ocean, and the crystal silence will uplift you like great gospel music, or Neil Young.
For what the horse does under compulsion, as Simon also observes, is done without understanding and there is no beauty in it either, any more than if one should whip and spur a dancer.
I might have some character traits that some might see as innocence or naive. That's because I discovered peace and happiness in my soul. And with this knowledge, I also see the beauty of human life.
After all, it is the divinity within that makes the divinity without and I have been more fascinated by a woman of talent and intelligence, though deficient in personal charms, than I have been by the most regular beauty.
Do not try to push your way through to the front ranks of your profession do not run after distinctions and rewards but do your utmost to find an entry into the world of beauty.
All cities are mad: but the madness is gallant. All cities are beautiful: but the beauty is grim.
Whether you come from heaven or hell, what does it matter, O Beauty!
People think that if you look fairly reasonable, you can't possibly act, and as I only care about acting, I think beauty can be a great handicap.
Romance and novel paint beauty in colors more charming than nature, and describe a happiness that humans never taste. How deceptive and destructive are those pictures of consummate bliss!
Always think of what is useful and not what is beautiful. Beauty will come of its own accord.
Beauty, like ice, our footing does betray Who can tread sure on the smooth, slippery way: Pleased with the surface, we glide swiftly on, And see the dangers that we cannot shun.
Filipinos want beauty. I have to look beautiful so that the poor Filipinos will have a star to look at from their slums.
I have been overcome by the beauty and richness of our life together, those early mornings setting out, those evenings gleaming with rivers and lakes below us, still holding the last light.
I was always reading those beauty magazines and wanting to become this unattainable thing.
I love Rauschenberg. I love that he created a turning point in visual history, that he redefined the idea of beauty, that he combined painting, sculpture, photography, and everyday life with such gall, and that he was interested in, as he put it, 'the ability to conceive failure as progress.
Abstraction brings the world into more complex, variable relations it can extract beauty, alternative topographies, ugliness, and intense actualities from seeming nothingness.
In such ugly times, the only true protest is beauty.
Beauty attracts us men but if, like an armed magnet it is pointed, beside, with gold and silver, it attracts with tenfold power.
So much has been said and sung of beautiful young girls, why doesn't somebody wake up to the beauty of old women.
In LA, where I live, it's all about perfectionism. Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women.
Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women.
Beauty will be convulsive or will not be at all.
The pleasure we derive from the representation of the present is due, not only to the beauty it can be clothed in, but also to its essential quality of being the present.
This is the beauty of the Qur'an: it asks you to reflect and reason, and not to worship the sun or moon but the One who has created everything. The Qur'an asks man to reflect upon the sun and moon and God's creation in general.
Poetry lifts the veil from the hidden beauty of the world, and makes familiar objects be as if they were not familiar.
Obscenity, which is ever blasphemy against the divine beauty in life, is a monster for which the corruption of society forever brings forth new food, which it devours in secret.
Everybody know, I don't do no promoting. I don't ever have to promote nothing, that's the beauty of Lil Wayne.
Whenever, at a party, I have been in the mood to study fools, I have always looked for a great beauty: they always gather round her like flies around a fruit stall.
The first show I ever did, singing and dancing, was 'Beauty and the Beast.' I was playing Gaston. Gaston has red tights, knee high boots, and it's very physical. I had headaches every day for two months.
A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever.
Beauty and brains, pleasure and usability - they should go hand in hand.
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.
The key to education is the experience of beauty.
Blues and soul and jazz music has so much pain, so much beauty of raw emotion and passion.
Today I see beauty everywhere I go, in every face I see, in every single soul.
Aging has a wonderful beauty and we should have respect for that.
There are as many kinds of beauty as there are habitual ways of seeking happiness.
The study of beauty is a duel in which the artist cries with terror before being defeated.
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste.
Swift speedy time, feathered with flying hours, Dissolves the beauty of the fairest brow.
Beauty is that which is simultaneously attractive and sublime.
I slept and dreamt that life was beauty I woke and found that life was duty.
It's not some great work of beauty and love to be a rock-and-roll singer.
The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw.
The true beauty of music is that it connects people. It carries a message, and we, the musicians, are the messengers.
Walk on a rainbow trail walk on a trail of song, and all about you will be beauty. There is a way out of every dark mist, over a rainbow trail.
I have always known what I wanted, and that was beauty... in every form.
Liturgy is like a strong tree whose beauty is derived from the continuous renewal of its leaves, but whose strength comes from the old trunk, with solid roots in the ground.
Beauty is merciless. You do not look at it, it looks at you and does not forgive.
People often say that 'beauty is in the eye of the beholder,' and I say that the most liberating thing about beauty is realizing that you are the beholder. This empowers us to find beauty in places where others have not dared to look, including inside ourselves.
Beauty opened all the doors it got me things I didn't even know I wanted, and things I certainly didn't deserve.
Soon I realized that if beauty equalled forgiveness, I was never going to be forgiven.
By its very nature the beautiful is isolated from everything else. From beauty no road leads to reality.
For all of nature's wonder and beauty, it is also hostile and unpredictable.
Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived.
Accuracy is, in every case, advantageous to beauty, and just reasoning to delicate sentiment. In vain would we exalt the one by depreciating the other.
Filipinos don't wallow in what is miserable and ugly. They recycle the bad into things of beauty.
Depression opens the door to beauty of some kind.
Somehow a bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever.
Beauty is not something you can count on. Usually, when people say you are beautiful, it is when there is a harmony between the inside and the outside.
Pay attention to the beauty surrounding you.
I'm not ugly, but my beauty is a total creation.
The beauty one can find in art is one of the pitifully few real and lasting products of human endeavor.
Only when inspired to go beyond consciousness by some extraordinary insight does beauty manifest unexpectedly.
I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks. This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes.
Ugliness is in a way superior to beauty because it lasts.
I've never had any illusions about being a lead actor in films, because lead actors have to be of a certain kind. Apart from the beauty of looks and figure, which I cannot claim to have, there's just a particular kind of ordinary-Joe quality that a film star needs to have.
Let me tell you something - being thought of as a beautiful woman has spared me nothing in life. No heartache, no trouble. Love has been difficult. Beauty is essentially meaningless and it is always transitory.
Beauty when unadorned is adorned the most.
I believe that history has shape, order, and meaning that exceptional men, as much as economic forces, produce change and that passe abstractions like beauty, nobility, and greatness have a shifting but continuing validity.
Younger women have no problem in reconciling beauty with ambitions as a professional woman.
It seems like the chaos of this world is accelerating, but so is the beauty in the consciousness of more and more people.
I'm tired of all this nonsense about beauty being skin deep. That's deep enough. What do you want, an adorable pancreas?
Sometimes the beauty is easy. Sometimes you don't have to try at all. Sometimes you can hear the wind blow in a handshake. Sometimes there's poetry written right on the bathroom wall.
A horse is a thing of beauty... none will tire of looking at him as long as he displays himself in his splendor.
I wasn't afraid of getting old, because I was never a great beauty.
Beauty is but the sensible image of the Infinite. Like truth and justice it lives within us like virtue and the moral law it is a companion of the soul.
What matters poverty? What matters anything to him who is enamoured of our art? Does he not carry in himself every joy and every beauty?
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect - they are much more interesting.
There is no racial or ethnic involvement in Thanksgiving, and people who may be very distant from the Christian system can see the beauty and the positive spirit that comes from the holiday.
But the gravest difficulty, and perhaps the most important, in poetry meant solely for recitation, is the difficulty of achieving verbal beauty, or rather of making verbal beauty tell.
You fall into my arms. You are the good gift of destruction's path, When life sickens more than disease. And boldness is the root of beauty. Which draws us together.
Beyond the beauty, the sex, the titillation, the surface, there is a human being. And that has to emerge.
Most women are dissatisfied with their appearance - it's the stuff that fuels the beauty and fashion industries.
When I look at the majority of my own songs they really came from my own sense of personal confusion or need to express some pain or beauty - they were coming from a universal and personal place.
I mean, no one asks beauty secrets of me, or 'What size do you wear?' or 'Who's your couturier?' They ask me about really deep things and I love that.
Beauty is grace and confidence. I've learned to accept and appreciate what nature gave me.
I would rather be adorned by beauty of character than jewels. Jewels are the gift of fortune, while character comes from within.
The truth, the absolute truth, is that the chief beauty for the theatre consists in fine bodily proportions.
The human face is the organic seat of beauty. It is the register of value in development, a record of Experience, whose legitimate office is to perfect the life, a legible language to those who will study it, of the majestic mistress, the soul.
It seems to me that the natural world is the greatest source of excitement the greatest source of visual beauty the greatest source of intellectual interest. It is the greatest source of so much in life that makes life worth living.
Beauty is only skin deep, but it's a valuable asset if you're poor or haven't any sense.
There is little premium in poetry in a world that thinks of Pound and Whitman as a weight and a sampler, not an Ezra, a Walt, a thing of beauty, a joy forever.
Death is the mother of Beauty hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires.
The fame that goes with wealth and beauty is fleeting and fragile intellectual superiority is a possession glorious and eternal.
I didn't appreciate the young woman that I was, or my young beauty, because I was so obsessed with the fact that I felt fat. It's never good to add to anybody else's suffering. It's an important topic to really get the gravity and the importance of - dealing with dignity.
A lot of punk rock is not going to be in the mainstream. It's below the radar. The beauty of it is that you're not supposed to always know. It's subterranean.
It's such a diversion to be constantly thinking of better ways I can teach people math that my hunger is for that really, for new ways of translating the beauty of it.
My beauty secret is absolutely no sun.
Standards of beauty are arbitrary. Body shame exists only to the extent that our physiques don't match our own beliefs about how we should look.
Because, if one is writing novels today, concentrating on the beauty of the prose is right up there with concentrating on your semi-colons, for wasted effort.
As soon as beauty is sought not from religion and love, but for pleasure, it degrades the seeker.
Beauty is an outward gift which is seldom despised, except by those to whom it has been refused.
Beauty is often worse than wine intoxicating both the holder and beholder.
All the freaky people make the beauty of the world.
I find beauty in the grotesque, like most artists.
The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects - making it possible... to see a new beauty in what is vanishing.
It is shallow people who think beauty is frivolous or excessive. If you are bringing beauty and god, you are enriching the country. Rice feeds the body, books feed the mind, beauty feeds the soul. It is one thing I can really be proud of and stand tall in the world.
The only rich person is a person who is rich in spirit. I have no money deposit. I have only beauty deposit.
Jordan has a strange, haunting beauty and a sense of timelessness. Dotted with the ruins of empires once great, it is the last resort of yesterday in the world of tomorrow. I love every inch of it.
I am a great lover of art, in many forms: paintings, objets, textiles. I don't have the talent for painting, but I have a very good sense of colour, a love of visual beauty.
Beauty is nature's brag, and must be shown in courts, at feasts, and high solemnities, where most may wonder at the workmanship.
I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom.
Ads featuring real women and real beauty are such a necessary component to offset the potentially dangerous programming out there for little girls.
The beauty of 'spacing' children many years apart lies in the fact that parents have time to learn the mistakes that were made with the older ones - which permits them to make exactly the opposite mistakes with the younger ones.
Strength of character may be learned at work, but beauty of character is learned at home.
I am still a victim of chess. It has all the beauty of art - and much more. It cannot be commercialized. Chess is much purer than art in its social position.
I do not know which to prefer, The beauty of inflections, Or the beauty of innuendoes, The blackbird whistling, Or just after.
Beauty and the devil are the same thing.
You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen. But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your soul's own doing.
Often, the roles I'm offered in England are melancholic women who are filled with regret for the past, regret for their fading beauty.
I am not fighting for success, just to get more beauty out of myself and share it with more people.
I would warn you that I do not attribute to nature either beauty or deformity, order or confusion. Only in relation to our imagination can things be called beautiful or ugly, well-ordered or confused.
I'm really proud of myself because I've pared my beauty regimen down to a cream blush and berry-tinted lip balm, which has saved me so much time.
Wealth, beauty, and fame are transient. When those are gone, little is left except the need to be useful.
Italian men do appreciate beautiful women. They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice.
I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it.
Bracketing has turned all my experiences, remembered and present, into a gallery of miracles where I wander around dazzled by the beauty of events I cannot explain.
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.
Beauty is a relation, and the apprehension of it a comparison.
We come in many different shapes and sizes, and we need to support each other and our differences. Our beauty is in our differences.
Her beauty didn't do her any good and she couldn't use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time.
My everyday beauty routine is always rushed and pretty simple.
Well, I've never looked upon myself as being a beauty, per se.
After a decade this glum, we deserved a shot of 'Glee,' a show that restored our faith in the power of song, the beauty of dance, and the magic of 'spirit fingers' to chase our cares and woes into somebody else's backyard.
Do not confuse beauty with beautiful. Beautiful is a human judgment. Beauty is All. The difference is everything.
Beauty is composed of an eternal, invariable element whose quantity is extremely difficult to determine, and a relative element which might be, either by turns or all at once, period, fashion, moral, passion.
Fashion fosters cliches of beauty, but I want to tear them apart.
When you are balanced and when you listen and attend to the needs of your body, mind, and spirit, your natural beauty comes out.
In art economy is always beauty.
Through Kurt I saw the beauty of minimalism and the importance of music that's stripped down.
I trust in nature for the stable laws of beauty and utility. Spring shall plant and autumn garner to the end of time.
I don't get anything for free. I pay for all my beauty treatments.
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together.
I didn't have any confidence in my beauty when I was young. I felt like a character actress, and I still do.
I really admire a woman for her intelligence, her personality. Beauty is not enough.
I write for no other purpose than to add to the beauty that now belongs to me. I write a book for no other reason than to add three or four hundred acres to my magnificent estate.
They saw me, those reckless seekers of beauty, and in a night I was famous.
Beauty is not just physical.
Beauty and fullness of tone can be achieved by having the whole orchestra play with high clarinets and a carefully selected number of piccolos.
I think the beauty of working with young people is they remind you of the spirit of acting and it's just a big play.
I am obsessed with beauty. I want everything to be perfect, and of course it isn't. And that's a tough place to be because you're never satisfied.
The beautiful seems right by force of beauty and the feeble wrong because of weakness.
I would like to say to people, open your eyes and find beauty where you normally don't expect it.
Art is the unceasing effort to compete with the beauty of flowers - and never succeeding.
Thankfully, beauty is easier to remove than apply, and a swipe of demaquillage in the right direction and you are you once again.
Just because you are blind and unable to see my beauty doesn't mean it does not exist.
Order is the shape upon which beauty depends.
For the mind disturbed, the still beauty of dawn is nature's finest balm.
Women are so unforgiving of themselves. We don't recognize our own beauty because we're too busy comparing ourselves to other people.
But every great scripture, whether Hebrew, Indian, Persian, or Chinese, apart from its religious value will be found to have some rare and special beauty of its own and in this respect the original Bible stands very high as a monument of sublime poetry and of artistic prose.
Part of the beauty of Judaism, and surely this is so for other faiths also, is that it gently restores control over time. Three times a day we stop what we are doing and turn to God in prayer. We recover perspective. We inhale a deep breath of eternity.
I've actually spent a lot of time researching beauty products, how they are produced and how they are sold.
For I must tell you that we artists cannot tread the path of Beauty without Eros keeping company with us and appointing himself as our guide.
Solitude gives birth to the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous - to poetry. But also, it gives birth to the opposite: to the perverse, the illicit, the absurd.
What is sacred among one people may be ridiculous in another and what is despised or rejected by one cultural group, may in a different environment become the cornerstone for a great edifice of strange grandeur and beauty.
Art is beauty, the perpetual invention of detail, the choice of words, the exquisite care of execution.
I'm not one of those women who thinks beauty is a curse.
A lot of directors idealize their leading ladies or turn them into these objects of sexuality and beauty.
I like the idea of accessibility, coming from a lower-middle-class background myself, I feel like beauty and products should be accessible to all women over the world.
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued.
What saddens me is the corruption of youth and beauty, and the loss of soul, which is only replaced by money.
When I think of art I think of beauty. Beauty is the mystery of life. It is not in the eye it is in the mind. In our minds there is awareness of perfection.
The very definition of 'beauty' is outside.
I always loved aesthetics. Not particularly fashion, but an idea of beauty.
Now, I'm not saying I'm fashionable, but there are sociological interests that matter to me, things that are theoretical, political, intellectual and also concerned with vanity and beauty that we all think about but that I try to mix up and translate into fashion.
What sort of sap doesn't know by now that picture-perfect beauty is all done with smoke and mirrors anyway?
Shame, like beauty, is often in the eye of the beholder.
What I find most upsetting about this new all-consuming beauty culture is that the obsession with good looks, and how you can supposedly attain them, is almost entirely female-driven.
Surely being a Professional Beauty - let alone an ageing one - is one of the most insecure and doomed careers imaginable.
I've always thought of beauty therapy, 'alternative' treatments and the like as the female equivalent of brothels - for essentially self-deceiving people who feel a bit hollow and have to pay to be touched.
These women whose antics we smirk at good-naturedly in the pap-traps put themselves out there at least partly on their beauty they are in showbiz, and showing what they've got is part of their business as much as it is for male show-ponies from the Chippendales to George Clooney.
Natural beauty takes at least two hours in front of a mirror.
It is not the beauty of a building you should look at its the construction of the foundation that will stand the test of time.
One of the things that people don't realize is that that natural beauty, those recreational forests, they have an economic development impact for the state as well.
Endeavour to be faithful, and if there is any beauty in your thought, your style will be beautiful if there is any real emotion to express, the expression will be moving.
Black beauty - he's a dark horse.
I shall give you hunger, and pain, and sleepless nights. Also beauty, and satisfactions known to few, and glimpses of the heavenly life. None of these you shall have continually, and of their coming and going you shall not be foretold.
People don't associate red hair, pale skin, and freckles with beauty.
I still believe that capitalism is too harsh and I believe that, even within that, there is a lot of satisfaction and beauty if you happen to be one of the lucky ones, although that doesn't eradicate the reality of the suffering. It's all true at once, kind of humming and sublime.
Physical beauty is such a strange thing.
I was kind of a jock in school. Beauty wasn't something I spent a lot of time on.
I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin.
My wife has brought great beauty into my life. And my daughter has brought me nothing but joy. Those qualities were greatly lacking.
My mother never put an emphasis on looks. She let us grow up on our own time line. She never forced any beauty regimen into my world.
It is very necessary to have markers of beauty left in a world seemingly bent on making the most evil ugliness.
Hollywood needs to recognise all shades of African American beauty.
Editing yourself is like an irksome coin toss. You've got to strip yourself of super ego and operate from the id. Maybe I've got my Freud mixed up. It's just hard to trade a beauty shot for the performance with truth and a brightly lit zit.
Beauty is a radiance that originates from within and comes from inner security and strong character.
I tried for a while to be an agricultural worker and was hopelessly bored. To me it was meaningless. I would stand around in heaps of manure and sings about the beauty of the work I wasn't doing.
I tried for a while to be an agricultural worker and was hopelessly bored. I would stand around in heaps of manure and sing about the beauty of the work I wasn't doing.
Art requires philosophy, just as philosophy requires art. Otherwise, what would become of beauty?
I really like where Tony Robbins says that we're all hypnotized to see beauty this one specific way, and it's true.
Beauty, to me is about being comfortable in your own skin.
You can't possibly fathom the ins and outs of a prepubescent beauty treatment until you've felt the strange but exhilarating tingle of a cottage-cheese-and-Pop-Rocks facial.
As Ralph's character begins to discover the political thriller aspect of the film, he falls deeper in love with his wife, so the two run together. That's the beauty of this film. It has fast pace and excitement, but it also has heart and soul.
Beauty can come in strange forms.
And I think of that again as I've written in several of my beauty books, a lot of health comes from the proper eating habits, which are something that - you know, I come from a generation that wasn't - didn't have a lot of food.
Well I've written four beauty books as well.
Bologna is the best city in Italy for food and has the least number of tourists. With its medieval beauty, it has it all.
I think we have become obsessed with beauty and personally I'm really saddened by the way women mutilate their faces today in search of that.
Beauty, more than bitterness, makes the heart break.
I thought to be feminine was to give in to straight culture, or the beauty standard, but in my heart I had a flair for fashion and style. They were passions I kept secret because I didn't understand I could love clothes and hair and makeup and still like girls.
Thanks to capitalism, the importance placed on beauty has never been so manipulated. We are the guinea pigs force-fed ads that tell us how pathetic we are: that we will never be loved, happy or valuable unless we have the body, the face, the hair, even the personality that will apparently be ours, if only we buy their products.
She gave up beauty in her tender youth, gave all her hope and joy and pleasant ways she covered up her eyes lest they should gaze on vanity, and chose the bitter truth.
I really like to be able to have variety and to try different things - that's the beauty of fashion.
Beauty is first and foremost an emotion.
It's the beauty and curse of doing a daily show. Some days you've got nothing to talk about and other days Dick Cheney shoots his lawyer in the face and everyone is happy.
The beauty that addresses itself to the eyes is only the spell of the moment the eye of the body is not always that of the soul.
The trick of this thing and the beauty of this thing is that it's a cowboy movie first and then stuff happens. Even after stuff happens it doesn't change - it hasn't suddenly changed into another kind of movie. It's still a cowboy movie. And that's what's incredible about it because nobody has done that before, that's new territory.
With guys I revere, like Marcus Garvey or Malcolm X, their look is less about style than purpose and the expression of beauty. It wasn't just about being noticed, you know?
Who knows better than artists how much ugliness there is on the way to beauty, how many ghastly, mortifying missteps, how many days of granitic blockheadedness and dismaying ineptitude there is on the way to accomplishment, how partial all accomplishment is, how incomplete?
Every man who has shown the world the way to beauty, to true culture, has been a rebel, a 'universal' without patriotism, without home, who has found his people everywhere.
I discovered that the horse is life itself, a metaphor but also an example of life's mystery and unpredictability, of life's generosity and beauty, a worthy object of repeated and ever changing contemplation.
Beauty comes from a life well lived. If you've lived well, your smile lines are in the right places, and your frown lines aren't too bad, what more do you need?
My mother is a big believer in being responsible for your own happiness. She always talked about finding joy in small moments and insisted that we stop and take in the beauty of an ordinary day. When I stop the car to make my kids really see a sunset, I hear my mother's voice and smile.
The way in which mathematicians and physicists and historians talk is quite different, and what a physicist means by physical intuition and what a mathematician means by beauty or elegance are things worth thinking about.
I know it sounds a bit corny, but I do think that beauty and sexiness come from within.
I love the game, it's the greatest game on earth, that's why I can't understand all of this talk about trying to make the game better. People talk about the high strike zone and changing this and that. Why? To speed up the game? That's the beauty of baseball. There is no time element.
Nothing surpasses the beauty and elegance of a bad idea.
Beauty is as relative as light and dark. Thus, there exists no beautiful woman, none at all, because you are never certain that a still far more beautiful woman will not appear and completely shame the supposed beauty of the first.
Who among us has never looked up into the heavens on a starlit night, lost in wonder at the vastness of space and the beauty of the stars?
I am an unconventional beauty. I grew up in a high school where if you didn't have a nose job and money and if you weren't thin, you weren't cool, popular, beautiful. I was always told that I wasn't pretty enough to be on television.
Our situation today shows that beauty demands for itself at least as much courage and decision as do truth and goodness, and she will not allow herself to be separated and banned from her two sisters without taking them along with herself in an act of mysterious vengeance.
For me art and chess are closely related, both are forms in which the self finds beauty and expression.
But I think it is a serious issue to wonder about the other platonic absolutes of say beauty and morality.
I was never an ambitious girl, or even a self-confident one. I never went in for beauty pageants or wore a stitch of make-up until I went to Los Angeles.
What delights us in visible beauty is the invisible.
There is a role and function for beauty in our time.
I like the beauty of Faulkner's poetry. But I don't like his themes, not at all.
You get more churches burned down in the United States in the last two years than in the last hundred, because of the lack of understanding of culture and diversity and the beauty of it.
You, too, women, cast away all the cowards from your embraces they will give you only cowards for children, and you who are the daughters of the land of beauty must bear children who are noble and brave.
All my writing is about the recognition that there is no single reality. But the beauty of it is that you nevertheless go on, walking towards utopia, which may not exist, on a bridge which might end before you reach the other side.
I thought it might be a good move to get into a beauty contest so I tried for Miss Pennsylvania and won. I think that helped me get noticed, at least by the people of Pennsylvania.
The beauty of a strong, lasting commitment is often best understood by men incapable of it.
What I like about cities is that everything is king size, the beauty and the ugliness.
Beauty is a precious trace that eternity causes to appear to us and that it takes away from us. A manifestation of eternity, and a sign of death as well.
A beautiful bouquet or a long-lasting flowering plant is a traditional gift for women, but I have recommended that both men and women keep fresh flowers in the home for their beauty, fragrance, and the lift they give our spirits.
A representative is free delivery she's a personal beauty consultant. Some people want that high touch.
There are two ways to worry words. One is hoping for the greatest possible beauty in what is created. The other is to tell the truth.
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
Grandeur and beauty are so very opposite, that you often diminish the one as you increase the other. Variety is most akin to the latter, simplicity to the former.
Power and beauty come from a very deep place.
Beauty can't amuse you, but brainwork - reading, writing, thinking - can.
Wigs have always been a part of my life and have become a staple accessory in my closet. I can remember being a little girl and hearing all the commotion in my house from my mom, aunts and grandmother when picking out their wigs for the day. It was such a good time for them and part of their everyday beauty routine.
I think we should all be tolerant of each other and embrace each others' strengths and differences and uniqueness and beauty.
I have girls who are concerned about how they look compared to models or what have you. It's my responsibility to teach them that beauty is more than superficial.
The beauty about the D-list is that people who are on it probably don't know they are.
I find, in being black, a thing of beauty: a joy a strength a secret cup of gladness.
I'm only wanted by directors for the image I give off, and it makes me angry. I always wanted to be an actor and not a beauty pageant winner.
My idea of beauty is somebody that doesn't have to try too much, someone who is effortless and fresh.
The English Bible - a book which, if everything else in our language should perish, would alone suffice to show the whole extent of its beauty and power.
A supermodel needed to be able to be on 'Sports Illustrated,' to be able to walk runways, to be able to do beauty ads, to be on covers. And the girls now can no longer be on covers and be in the ads because your actresses have taken over all the jobs. I don't know what happened, but we want our jobs back.
Familiarity is a magician that is cruel to beauty but kind to ugliness.
There's a beauty in being part of a band, when there's equality and trust.
I learned the truth at seventeen, That love was meant for beauty queens, And high school girls with clear skinned smiles, Who married young and then retired.
It's nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you.
We have magnificent brains, but we use a great deal of our brilliance to keep ourselves stuck and ignorant, to keep ourselves from not shining. We are so afraid of our beauty and radiance and brilliance because it scared the adults around us when we were children.
If I weren't performing, I'd be a beauty editor or a therapist. I love creativity, but I also love to help others. My mother was a hairstylist, and they listen to everyone's problems - like a beauty therapist!
Los Angeles is like a beauty parlor at the end of the universe.
A special kind of beauty exists which is born in language, of language, and for language.
Beauty must appeal to the senses, must provide us with immediate enjoyment, must impress us or insinuate itself into us without any effort on our part.
The ideal has many names, and beauty is but one of them.
As an inspiration to the author, I do not think the cat can be over-estimated. He suggests so much grace, power, beauty, motion, mysticism. I do not wonder that many writers love cats I am only surprised that all do not.
There's no such thing is aging, but maturing and knowledge. It's beautiful, I call that beauty.
Not longer loved or fostered by religion, beauty is lifted from its face as a mask, and its absence exposes features on that face which threaten to become incomprehensible to man.
We no longer dare to believe in beauty and we make of it a mere appearance in order the more easily to dispose of it.
I believe every chess player senses beauty, when he succeeds in creating situations, which contradict the expectations and the rules, and he succeeds in mastering this situation.
The development of beauty in chess never depends on you alone. No matter how much imagination and creativity you invest, you still do not create beauty. Your opponent must react at the same highest level.
I really wanted there to be something in my life that I enjoy just for the beauty of it.
The New York City Ballet is obviously speaking to a whole new generation and bringing it the same wonder and beauty that it brought previous generations.
Many a genius has been slow of growth. Oaks that flourish for a thousand years do not spring up into beauty like a reed.
Every performance is different. That's the beauty of it.
My daily beauty regimen is definitely always in the mornings, and at night, always washing my face with a basic cleanser. I also use a moisturizer with SPF to follow up.
We all have to find beauty within us, as opposed to just our exterior.
People tend not to use this word beauty because it's not intellectual - but there has to be an overlap between beauty and intellect.
One night I'll be in Los Angeles and it'll be a Latin crowd, and then another night I'll go to Fresno and it'll be an all-black crowd. To me, that's the beauty of the music.
That's the beauty of being a comedian - it's the one job you're allowed to do that. We're lucky. We're really lucky.
The difference between Marilyn Monroe and the early Pamela Anderson is not that great. What's amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same.
I felt Joyce was an influence on my fiction, but in a very general way, as a kind of inspiration and a model for the beauty of language.
The beauty of having a producer is that you have someone who says, You're finished.
Comics are so full of amazing work. And I can't look at a drawing of a woman without thinking of, for instance, Wallace Wood and his amazing way of capturing beauty.
I cannot go to Montreal without going to Beauty's, my favorite place for breakfast, where I have the Mish-Mash omelet with hot dogs, salami, eggs, green peppers, and onions, and the best banana bread in the world. It's legendary!
Beauty set up distance between other people and me. It warped their behavior.
People see you as an object, not as a person, and they project a set of expectations onto you. People who don't have it think beauty is a blessing, but actually it sets you apart.
A child does not notice the greatness and the beauty of nature and the splendor of God in his works.
Once you go inside and weed through the muck, you will find the real beauty, the truth about yourself.
I used to wear a lot of red lipstick, and when I got a pimple, I'd cover it up with eyeliner to turn it into a beauty mark.
I'm flatchested, I'm short, I'm brunette, I have droopy eyes, and so people have a hard time casting me as a 'beauty.'
Doors open because you're beautiful, but I wouldn't cultivate beauty to the exclusion of brains.
Beauty lasts five minutes. Maybe longer if you have a good plastic surgeon.
Beauty is produced by the pleasing appearance and good taste of the whole, and by the dimensions of all the parts being duly proportioned to each other.
That's the beauty of music. You can take a theme from a Bach sacred chorale and improvise. It doesn't make any difference where the theme comes from the treatment of it can be jazz.
Asian people have a unique way about them and a different sense of beauty. It's exotic to me. I like they way Asians project their feelings. There's a hardness to the culture, but at the same time there's a delicateness.
This is the artist, then, life's hungry man, the glutton of eternity, beauty's miser, glory's slave.
Many attempts have been made by writers on art and poetry to define beauty in the abstract, to express it in the most general terms, to find some universal formula for it.
Such discussions help us very little to enjoy what has been well done in art or poetry, to discriminate between what is more and what is less excellent in them, or to use words like beauty, excellence, art, poetry, with a more precise meaning than they would otherwise have.
What is important, then, is not that the critic should possess a correct abstract definition of beauty for the intellect, but a certain kind of temperament, the power of being deeply moved by the presence of beautiful objects.
One of the most beautiful passages of Rousseau is that in the sixth book of Confessions, where he describes the awakening in him of the literary sense. Of such wisdom, the poetic passion, the desire of beauty, the love of art for its own sake, has most.
I had a lot of resentment for a while toward Kim Novak. But I don't mind her anymore. She's okay. We've become friends. I even asked her before this trip for some beauty tips.
I think beauty comes from within. If you're happy and look at life in the best way you can, even when there are problems, it can make you beautiful on the outside.
I think there's a great beauty to having problems. That's one of the ways we learn.
Truth is a thing immortal and perpetual, and it gives to us a beauty that fades not away in time.
My quick beauty tip is always have a tinted gloss of some kind to give you some color even if you have no makeup on.
I think beauty comes from within, and society paints a ridiculous picture.
My daily beauty regimen consists of washing my face before bed and putting on moisturizer.
My unusual beauty tip is that I often use Vaseline to take my make up off. It works great and is good for sensitive skin.
I envy the sensibility in Europe, appreciating beauty in women as they age. I'm going to go that way. I might dye my gray hair for a bit, but beyond that the buck stops. I'm not having any work done.
You may keep your beauty and your health, unless you destroy them yourself, or discourage them to stay with you, by using them ill.
So every creative act strives to attain an absolute status it longs to create a world of beauty to triumph over chaos and convert it to order.
Oh who can tell the range of joy or set the bounds of beauty?
Music, as many people have said, is the universal language. Of course points are made which make you think about things, but ultimately it makes you feel. And that's why people remember more songs that have meant something during their life than films. They start to define periods in your life, and that's kind of the beauty of it.
No single man can be taken as a model for a perfect figure, for no man lives on earth who is endowed with the whole of beauty.
Music, art, theater. I'm just a big fan of beauty.
There's a sadness to the human condition that I think music is good for. It gives a counterpoint to the visual beauty, and adds depth to pictures that they wouldn't have if the music wasn't there.
The idea that happiness could have a share in beauty would be too much of a good thing.
I remember reminding myself that beauty is an opinion, not a fact. And it has always made me feel better.
The thought came to me that all one loves in art becomes beautiful. Beauty is nothing but the expression of the fact that something is being loved. Only thus could she be defined.
I have a real passion for many aspects of home lifestyle and beauty.
The more people explore the world, the more they realize in every country there's a different aesthetic. Beauty really is in the eye of the beholder.
There will always be a desire for something new, fresh and innovative, as well as a yearning and respect for timeless elegance and beauty.
The difference between utility and utility plus beauty is the difference between telephone wires and the spider web.
I felt I had to share Idaho with my friend from New York because he'd shared New York with me, so I was going to share the beauty of nature with a man who went to museums and clubs late at night. But there was nothing to do where I lived at night.
Beauty comes from the inside.
The South is very beautiful but its beauty makes one sad because the lives that people live here, and have lived here, are so ugly.
For me, a page of good prose is where one hears the rain and the noise of battle. It has the power to give grief or universality that lends it a youthful beauty.
After 'Freaks and Geeks,' I dealt with several producers who wanted to cover up all my beauty marks, every single mole on my body. They tried to cover them on my first two episodes of 'Dawson's Creek,' and it just looked ridiculous, so I had to put my foot down. But it's not something I'm insecure about.
I recognize in thieves, traitors and murderers, in the ruthless and the cunning, a deep beauty - a sunken beauty.
As a mom, I don't have much time for beauty.
The pattern of a newspaperman's life is like the plot of 'Black Beauty.' Sometimes he finds a kind master who gives him a dry stall and an occasional bran mash in the form of a Christmas bonus, sometimes he falls into the hands of a mean owner who drives him in spite of spavins and expects him to live on potato peelings.
The beauty of doing film is that you construct whatever you do block by block and you can build something that will stay.
As a girl, you're supposed to love Sleeping Beauty. I mean, who wants to love Sleeping Beauty when you can be Aladdin?
I believe it's time that women truly owned their superpowers and used their beauty and strength to change the world around them.
Some songs you get. Some songs you may not. And I think that's the beauty of art: to question and to ask, to understand the deeper meaning after two or three or four listenings.
I know that I've got big ears and a big forehead and that my hair sticks up. But I'm happy with myself. I'm not necessarily trying to win a beauty pageant here.
My theory of characterization is basically this: Put some dirt on a hero, and put some sunshine on the villain, one brush stroke of beauty on the villain.
I think the beauty looks I most regret are those I was persuaded into.
Physical beauty isn't so impressive to me.
I love glamour and artificial beauty. I love the idea of artifice and dressing up and makeup and hair.
My beauty icons are women whose images are self-created.
I really believe that beauty comes from health - sensible eating and exercise.
I do not see any beauty in self-restraint.
Beauty and the Beast seemed like it all was really brown. The whole thing was just so brown and orange and yellow, like Burger King or something. I don't think I would have liked Beauty and the Beast at any age.
All things are perceived in the light of charity, and hence under the aspect of beauty for beauty is simply reality seen with the eyes of love.
Solitude has its own very strange beauty to it.
Blanche talks about aging, and why should she be considered poor, because physical beauty is transitory and fading and she has such richness of the soul. I think that speech is so beautiful, and so telling and so true.
The real message of the Dance opens up the vistas of life to all who have the urge to express beauty with no other instrument than their own bodies, with no apparatus and no dependence on anything other than space.
I have a desire to create more film, more beauty, more art, more love, but I don't feel desperate. It's not about creating or building a career.
Boxing is my real passion. I can go to ballet, theatre, movies, or other sporting events... and nothing is like the fights to me. I'm excited by the visual beauty of it. A boxer can look so spectacular by doing a good job.
I needed to be in the bush. There I find solitude and beauty and purity and focus. That's where my heart lies.
It's just poetry, beauty and love. How hard can that be to act?
Never once does 'Snow White' herself look in the mirror so she isn't aware of her beauty or what apparently that does to people. It's really just the queen and the prince that talk about it.
It is, finally, a word is untimely in three different senses, and bearing it as one's treasure will not win one anyone's favours one rather risks finding oneself outside everyone's camp... Beauty is the word that shall be our first.
I didn't grow up identifying with beauty. I grew up thinking I could be smart and funny - those are the things I got feedback on.
Even if you play perfectly, a fault of your opponent's can destroy the entire beauty of the game.
When I speak of the beauty of a game of chess, then naturally this is subjective. Beauty can be found in a very technical, mathematical game for example. That is the beauty of clarity.
My mama told me in college, 'I love you, and you're God's child, but natural beauty will only take you so far.'
I have learned that acting is not about beauty.
Proportions are what makes the old Greek temples classic in their beauty. They are like huge blocks, from which the air has been literally hewn out between the columns.
I am thrilled to be able to bring my vision of beauty to others who may be inspired by it.
I'm still figuring out why people would want to look at me. Maybe it's generic beauty, but it's weird to be valued for something I was born with.
It's hard to say what drives a three year-old, but I think I had a sense that nature was my solace, and nature was a place in which there was beauty, in which there was order.
It's not fair the emphasis put on beauty, or on sexuality.
Every article on these islands has an almost personal character, which gives this simple life, where all art is unknown, something of the artistic beauty of medieval life.
But when I was twelve years old I caught my first strong glimpse of one of the fundamental forces of existence, whose votary I was destined to be for life - namely, Beauty.
Nothing can atone for the lack of modesty without which beauty is ungraceful and wit detestable.
So, we just kind of created our own thing and that's part of the beauty of Athens: is that it's so off the map and there's no way you could ever be the East Village or an L.A. scene or a San Francisco scene, that it just became its own thing.
The beauty of voice-over work is that maybe you come in and record once every two weeks for a couple of hours and do a couple episodes a session. It's awesome! You spend an afternoon playing in the booth, and there you have it. It doesn't interfere with much.
I grew up in a family where we weren't allowed to talk about beauty or to put any emphasis on physical appearance.
This whole beauty thing is something I've never comprehended.
I thought of Paris as a beauty spot on the face of the earth, and of London as a big freckle.
We tell them that we believe it will be beautiful because that is our specialty, we only create joy and beauty. We have never done a sad work. Through the drawings, we hope a majority will be able to visualize it.
And for me, the real world involves everything: risk, danger, beauty, energy, all we meet with in the real world.
Throughout the centuries, man has considered himself beautiful. I rather suppose that man only believes in his own beauty out of pride that he is not really beautiful and he suspects this himself for why does he look on the face of his fellow-man with such scorn?
Poetry a criticism of life under the conditions fixed for such a criticism by the laws of poetic truth and poetic beauty.
The concept of active cooperation has taken the place of opposition to the new form of government and of dreamy resignation entranced with the beauty of times past.
We say we want to create beauty, identity, quality, singularity. And yet, maybe in truth these cities that we have are desired. Maybe their very characterlessness provides the best context for living.
He was afflicted by the thought that where Beauty was, nothing ever ran quite straight, which no doubt, was why so many people looked on it as immoral.
Americans worship creativity the way they worship physical beauty - as a way of enjoying elitism without guilt: God did it.
I was amazed and upset by the looks I got just walking around the studio... It illuminates the ugliness and the beauty that exists within each of us, and that's what this story represents to me.
Beauty is only skin deep, and the world is full of thin skinned people.
That brings me to Dennis Ritchie. Our collaboration has been a thing of beauty.
When you put the interest of a kid on money instead of heart then you're destroying the beauty of our lives and our thought process, which should be about how much responsibilities you carry as an athlete and a citizen.
Everyday life is like programming, I guess. If you love something you can put beauty into it.
I'm always suspicious of really beautiful women telling us we shouldn't be worried about beauty.
The beauty of a main title is that you establish your main theme and maybe a bit of your secondary theme. You plant the seed that you're going to go water later in the score. And so, having that removed just made it so much more difficult.
Beauty seen is never lost, God's colors all are fast.
If the world could remain within a frame like a painting on the wall, I think we'd see the beauty then and stand staring in awe.
Unless action is taken soon - unless we can display the same vision of that earlier period - we will lose the treasure of California's open space and environmental beauty.
Remember always that the composer's pen is still mightier than the bow of the violinist in you lie all the possibilities of the creation of beauty.
Grand opera is the most powerful of stage appeals and that almost entirely through the beauty of music.
I guess if you take yourself seriously as an artist there starts either the problem or the beauty of doing good artwork.
I just wanted to see every single musical I could. The very first one I saw was 'Beauty and the Beast,' the only one I could get tickets for, and then 'Les Miserables' and then 'Chicago.'
My duty is to try to reach beauty. Cinema is emotion. When you laugh you cry.
The expression of beauty is in direct ratio to the power of conception the artist has acquired.
It is curious how, from time immemorial, man seems to have associated the idea of evil with beauty, shrunk from it with a sort of ghostly fear, while, at the same time drawn to it by force of its hypnotic attraction.
The beauty we love is very silent. It smiles softly to itself, but never speaks.
We also maintain - again with perfect truth - that mystery is more than half of beauty, the element of strangeness that stirs the senses through the imagination.
A woman's beauty is one of her great missions.
I've developed into quite a swan. I'm one of those people that will probably look better and better as I get older until I drop dead of beauty.
I appreciate simplicity, true beauty that lasts over time, and a little wit and eclecticism that make life more fun.
Beauty has been democratised. No longer the preserve of movie stars and models but available to all. But while the invitation to beauty is welcomed, it has become not so much an option as an imperative.
Beauty is the oracle that speaks to us all.
The real beauty of it - key to my life was playing key chords on a banjo. For somebody else it may be a golf club that mom and dad put in their hands or a baseball or ballet lessons. Real gift to give to me and put it in writing.
My beauty icon is Angelina Jolie.
It's not like I'm sitting at home coming up with some secret beauty plan.
One of the basic things about a string is that it can vibrate in many different shapes or forms, which gives music its beauty.
Every one who has a heart, however ignorant of architecture he may be, feels the transcendent beauty and poetry of the mediaeval churches.
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.
We live in a state with a wonderful climate and plenty of natural beauty, from the shores of Cumberland Island to the Chattahoochee River to the Blue Ridge Mountains.
I hope that in some way that I can be some sort of beacon of hope, especially because I am not the typical Hollywood beauty.
I was always interested in fashion and beauty. I was fifteen when I was scouted in a flea market. Two years later, I arrived in New York. I was in awe because it was like another planet.
Latin life is rich with warmth, family values and history. I want to bring that beauty into American homes.
Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.
Listening to my regular favourites - Mozart, Beethoven, Brahms and so on - I always feel, quite misguidedly, that nothing can be too bad if such beauty and brilliance exists in the world.
The reason that the all-American boy prefers beauty to brains is that he can see better than he can think.
I love my beauty. It's not my fault.
A sculptor wields The chisel, and the stricken marble grows To beauty.
My mother is a beauty.
Beauty is the result of having been through an experience all the way through to the end - therefore it has a poignancy. Beauty that is singular always comes from following an experience to the point where you can go no further.
No eyes that have seen beauty ever lose their sight.
The world is a crazy, beautiful, ugly complicated place, and it keeps moving on from crisis to strangeness to beauty to weirdness to tragedy. The caravan keeps moving on, and the job of the longform writer or filmmaker or radio broadcaster is to stop - is to pause - and when the caravan goes away, that's when this stuff comes.
Sometimes I think I might not have written 'The Age of Miracles' if I hadn't grown up in California, if I hadn't been exposed to its very particular blend of beauty and disaster, of danger and denial.
The beauty of golf, you're in charge out here.
There is beauty when something works and it works intuitively.
Literature isn't a moral beauty contest. Its power arises from the authority and audacity with which the impersonation is pulled off the belief it inspires is what counts.
Beauty, the eternal Spouse of the Wisdom of God and Angel of his Presence thru' all creation.
Maybe I'm old-fashioned. But I remember the beauty and thrill of being moved by Broadway musicals - particularly the endings of shows.
Beauty and the Beast became the first animated feature ever nominated for best picture.
I read 'The Great Gatsby' in high school and was hypnotized by the beauty of the sentences and moved by the story about the irrevocability of lost love.
So as I look at transitioning to the communication platforms of the future, I see that the beauty of Internet protocols is you get the separation of the layers between service and technology.
What breadth, what beauty and power of human nature and development there must be in a woman to get over all the palisades, all the fences, within which she is held captive!
People are craving this great progress in electronics, going after computers, the Internet, etc. It's a giant progress technologically. But they must have a balance of soul, a balance for human beauty. That means art has an important role.
Baalbek is so beautiful. It is the heart of beauty in the Middle East - I want to embrace these people with my music. I will try so hard for them. Their president is a Christian, their prime minister is a Muslim. Music is for everyone.
We had common interests in the beauty of the French language. We both had a tremendous love of jazz. We shared dreams of getting married and having a family, living in the country, leading an idyllic life.
Well I do find the beauty in animals. I find beauty everywhere. I find beauty in my garden.
I don't have any beauty shop memories. I remember the barber shop.
We didn't have a beauty shop as I grew up.
There's a difference between beauty and charm. A beautiful woman is one I notice. A charming woman is one who notices me.
As for everything else, so for a mathematical theory: beauty can be perceived but not explained.
One must learn, if one is to see the beauty in Japan, to like an extraordinarily restrained and delicate loveliness.
Talent, like beauty, to be pardoned, must be obscure and unostentatious.
And at five o'clock in the morning we left to drive to Old Tucson, and I sat with my mouth open in the van. I was stunned by the beauty of that country.
Part of the beauty of the show in a way is that he's not perfect, but you can always count on him to do the right thing in a pinch. That's why he inspires people and inspires me.
The very women who object to the morals of a notoriously beautiful actress, grow big with pride when an admirer suggests their marked resemblance to this stage beauty in physique.
Of course, all of the software I write runs on Linux that's the beauty of standards, and of cross-platform code. I don't have to run your OS, and you don't have to run mine, and we can use the same applications anyway!
Beauty is being in harmony with what you are.
I like to have Chinese furniture in my home as a constant and painful reminder of how much has been destroyed in China. The contrast between the beauty of the past and the ugliness of the modern is nowhere sharper than in China.
When you are at the bottom, you find beauty in such little things, and goodness in such little gestures. When I compare any struggle today to ones that I may have had in my childhood, there is nothing that can bring me down.
This is why cup finals are so special because on the day anyone can beat anyone. That's what it's all about and that's why for me the FA Cup and the Carling Cup are the best cups in the world. That's the beauty of the cup.
I've been on the cover of 'Time' magazine three times, not for my beauty but because what I was doing was newsworthy around the world. I've worked with teams all my life, but I've been nice and I've been kind.
I look OK. I look better in person than I do on film, which is bad because it's how I make my living, but I am not a beauty and on balance I am glad.
Beauty can make you powerful in a way that isn't good for you. Being OK is better for the person I have become.
I'm from Canada, and New Zealand feels like you took all the best bits of Canada and squished them onto a tiny island like Hawaii. I was absolutely blown away by the beauty of the South Island.
Shortly thereafter, some friends encouraged me to try out for the Miss South Carolina World beauty pageant. To my surprise, I won - and was sent to New York City to compete nationally.
This is so cliche, but my beauty icon would have to be Angelina Jolie. She looks like she wears natural makeup, but she's still beautiful.
I think every person has their own identity and beauty. Everyone being different is what is really beautiful. If we were all the same, it would be boring.
My sisters and I were fortunate to travel through Asia and Europe at very young ages. We confronted extraordinary beauty in Athens and unspeakable poverty in India.
Pastry is different from cooking because you have to consider the chemistry, beauty and flavor. It's not just sugar and eggs thrown together. I tell my pastry chefs to be in tune for all of this. You have to be challenged by using secret or unusual ingredients.
Beauty is not everything!
The beauty comes with the balance. Everyone should find his own balance in his personal as well as his professional life. Once you do so, you will feel and look beautiful.
In things to be seen at once, much variety makes confusion, another vice of beauty. In things that are not seen at once, and have no respect one to another, great variety is commendable, provided this variety transgress not the rules of optics and geometry.
You don't have to save the world, but you can be in the world-that's where the beauty comes from.
Seek goodness and be goodness. Seek beauty and be beauty. Seek love and be love.
I know as an actor there is a certain liberation auditioning for a role that has no beauty requirements.
You can muck around with different guitars for certain bits, but you have to have your own sound. That's your benchmark, that's your sound. I also play a Black Beauty. It sounds amazing.
I have to hit the gym. I have beauty appointments. I have to work toward my next job and maintaining my image, just like an athlete.
The beauty of 'The Walking Dead' and the beauty of being on a television show for a while, is that, it's your backstory, it's part of what you are, it's what you carry with you every day.
We need a balanced, long term energy policy to reduce our dependence on foreign oil and preserve the beauty of the land we love.
Find beauty not only in the thing itself but in the pattern of the shadows, the light and dark which that thing provides.
When the soul looks out of its body, it should see only beauty in its path. These are the sights we must hold in mind, in order to move to a higher place.
The sport of horse racing which, at its best, showcases the majestic beauty of this animal and the athleticism of jockeys, has reached an alarming level of corruption and exploitation.
We were astonished by the beauty and refinement of the art displayed by the objects surpassing all we could have imagined - the impression was overwhelming.
The beauty of jazz is that it's malleable. People are addressing it to suit their own personalities.
Beauty is but a flower, which wrinkles will devour.
I live by the philosophy that beauty starts from within, and I make a conscious effort to fill my body with nutrients through the food I eat.
Everyone has a different beauty and different qualities and I think that women need to learn to love their qualities and be comfortable in the fact that everyone is different.
The beauty of a face is not a separate quality but a relation or proportion of qualities to each other.
Truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is.
I don't believe in one ideal beauty.
I have a talent for happiness. I look with the eyes of a painter, and I see beauty.
I just want to continue to break barriers and to show the industry and the world that beauty is diverse, and you don't have to be a certain stereotype to be beautiful.
I believe that true beauty of chess is more than enough to satisfy all possible demands.
Oh! this opponent, this collaborator against your will, whose notion of beauty always differs from yours and whose means are often too limited for active assistance to your intentions!
The beauty of it is when you can just show up and hit the notes.
I just try to play music from my heart and bring as much beauty as I can to as many people as I can. Just give them other alternatives, especially people who aren't exposed to creative music.
We're here to bring beauty to the world and make a difference in this planet. That's what art forms are about.
I'd like to make really important movies, like American Beauty. I was really proud to be a part of that movie.
Even in decline, a virtuous man increases the beauty of his behavior. A burning stick, though turned to the ground, has its flame drawn upwards.
Knowing who the actors were as you were designing them helped, with Catherine's beauty and Renee's frailty, they directed me visually just by who they were.
The arts, quite simply, nourish the soul. They sustain, comfort, inspire. There is nothing like that exquisite moment when you first discover the beauty of connecting with others in celebration of larger ideals and shared wisdom.
I think Islam has been hijacked by the idea that all Muslims are terrorists that Islam is about hate, about war, about jihad - I think that hijacks the spirituality and beauty that exists within Islam. I believe in allowing Islam to be seen in context and in its entirety and being judged on what it really is, not what you think it is.
There's one more thing I want to say. It's a touchy subject. Black beauty. Black sensuality. We live in a culture where the beauty of black people isn't always as celebrated as other types. I'd like to help change that if I can!
Truth is, I cut my hair for freedom, not for beauty.
When I was young my Father used to tell me that the two most worthwhile pursuits in life were the pursuit of truth and of beauty and I believe that Alfred Nobel must have felt much the same when he gave these prizes for literature and the sciences.
Surely these women won't lose any more of their beauty and charm by putting a ballot in a ballot box once a year than they are likely to lose standing in foundries or laundries all year round. There is no harder contest than the contest for bread, let me tell you that.
My main aim has always been to do good quality films with roles that have some substance. With Power and Beauty there were loads of things that I liked about the movie, which made me opt for it.
Fashion is quite inclusive and good at embracing different things and different forms of beauty. It's a very liberal industry. You can be yourself. Just not overweight.
My mum is my beauty icon, because she represents what I think beauty is.
My everyday job is about superficial beauty, but when I'm not working I prefer to work on my inner beauty - I read a lot, I try to learn.
Beauty, of course, is the most important requirement and the paramount asset of the applicant.
Beauty, like truth, is relative to the time when one lives and to the individual who can grasp it. The expression of beauty is in direct ratio to the power of conception the artist has acquired.
Visual surprise is natural in the Caribbean it comes with the landscape, and faced with its beauty, the sigh of History dissolves.
I know no subject more elevating, more amazing, more ready to the poetical enthusiasm, the philosophical reflection, and the moral sentiment than the works of nature. Where can we meet such variety, such beauty, such magnificence?
For, when with beauty we can virtue join, We paint the semblance of a form divine.
I've just finished reading a book about the brilliant Margaret Rutherford. She wasn't a beauty, but inside she was absolutely blazing and passionate about her work. She's one of those life-affirming characters.
My definition of love is being full. Complete. It makes everything lighter. Beauty is something you see. Love is something you feel.
Through my optimism I naturally prefer and capture the beauty in life.
I like to find the beauty in the ugly. When I'm in a thrift store, I gravitate toward pieces I know I'll wear a ton, and insane pieces that I'm sure most people would consider gross. But I find them inspiring. Our van is currently stocked with some of my random findings from this tour. Maybe I'll call my aesthetic 'van fashion.'
Beauty is everything.
Instead, it appears to be a particular mark of beauty that it is considered with tranquil satisfaction that it pleases if we also do not possess it and we are still far removed from demanding to possess it.
I was always anti-marriage. I didn't understand monogamy. I couldn't figure out how that could last. And then I met Bryn and I started to understand the beauty of constancy and history and change and going on the roller coaster with someone - of having a partner in life.
Life deprived of beauty is not worthy of being called human.
Rich men's houses are seldom beautiful, rarely comfortable, and never original. It is a constant source of surprise to people of moderate means to observe how little a big fortune contributes to Beauty.
The best beauty advice I ever received is to keep skin hydrated and limit harsh exposure to the sun. If you are set on the tanned look, there are plenty of great creams that will give you a healthy-looking glow.
I maintain my inner beauty by trying to lead a balanced life in general. I try to eat healthy foods, but... that doesn't mean I won't treat myself now and then! I work out almost every day, which gives me more energy and helps me feel stronger. I also try to be a genuinely good person to the people around me.
Acting is still, of course, what I love to do most. The beauty of it is that by changing characters, it never gets boring.
I always say beauty is only sin deep.
All I wanted was to connect my moods with those of Paris. Beauty paints and when it painted most, I shot.
Coming in solemn beauty like slow old tunes of Spain.
Where is there beauty when you see deprivation and starvation?
Beauty doesn't matter because in the end, we all lose our looks and all we have is our heart.
We have to get back to the beauty of just being alive in this present moment.
In prison, inmates sometimes use Cheetos and grape juice as makeup. I wouldn't use that beauty regimen around Britney Spears - she might lick your face off!
I feel fortunate that I'm not a beauty. I'm not a classic beauty. I feel it is harder for girls who are like that. There are fewer parts.
But my most favourite pursuit, after my daily exertions at the Foundry, was Astronomy. There were frequently clear nights when the glorious objects in the Heavens were seen in most attractive beauty and brilliancy.
To copy beauty forfeits all pretense to fame to copy faults is want of sense.
Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew, Whose short refresh upon tender green, Cheers for a time, but till the sun doth show And straight is gone, as it had never been.
What I loved about 'Summer' was that they were these four bright kids with a wonderful future. In a way, she was the one with the brains, and then you have the beauty queen and the jock and the introvert.
Stories aren't the beauty of what did happen. They're the beauty of what could happen.
I will admit to hoarding beauty products. I'm a beauty lady.
Beauty, unlike the rest of the gifts handed out at birth, does not require dedication, patience and hard work to pay off. But it's also the only gift that does not keep on giving.
Beauty magazines make my girlfriend feel ugly.
Coercion may prevent many transgressions but it robs even actions which are legal of a part of their beauty. Freedom may lead to many transgressions, but it lends even to vices a less ignoble form.
People come to see beauty, and I dance to give it to them.
And beauty immortal awakes from the tomb.
I do believe very much in the idea of unexpected or 'convulsive' beauty - beauty in the service of liberty.
The double hundred Fowler hit in the Madras Test was an absolute beauty.
Everyone can identify with a fragrant garden, with beauty of sunset, with the quiet of nature, with a warm and cozy cottage.
People who put my paintings on their walls are putting their values on their walls: faith, family, home, a simpler way of living, the beauty of nature, quiet, tranquillity, peace, joy, hope. They beckon you into this world that provides an alternative to your nightly news broadcast.
Hold fast to youth and beauty.
Tramping is too easy with all this money. My days were more exciting when I was penniless and had to forage around for my next meal... I've decided that I'm going to live this life for some time to come. The freedom and simple beauty of it is just too good to pass up.
It never seems to occur to some people, that, like beauty, a sense of humor may sometimes be fatal.
The closest thing I use to beauty products is the grease on the pizza from John's Pizzeria.
I'm very proud of my love for Whitney Houston. She really changed my life. She made my life a better life. She was so beautiful in her love for God, her love for her family and her love for music. She truly loved her music. She could do everything! She had flawless rhythm, flawless pitch, flawless feeling, and flawless beauty.
I first fell in love with music when I was a little boy. When I first heard music, I felt the beauty in it. Then, being able to tap along on a table top and box was great, but my favorite thing to do was to watch records spin. I would almost get hypnotized by it. These things are what drew me in initially.
I'm not a party animal I took my job as Miss USA very seriously... Sometimes, of course, I want to let it all go. Even though I'm a beauty queen, you're also an unofficial ambassador, and there's a lot of pressure.
The beauty of dystopia is that it lets us vicariously experience future worlds - but we still have the power to change our own.
I have a fantastic wife, and not only in terms of external beauty. Her priority and mine is our children. That is our choice.
I played with the same band for years and years and there's a beauty to having one solid core that you keep exploring. On the other hand, it's nice to throw yourself in different situations where you find out things about your own resources.
The ever increasing spiritual damage caused by life within the big city will make this hunger practically uncontrollable when we build here on this the landscape of our homeland we must be clear that we will protect its beauty.
In places where this beauty has already disappeared, we will reconstruct it.
The awesomeness of God is that even in the works of the Beach Boys, Beatles, etc., the beauty of the music is a mere reflection of what God does everyday. He creates music of all kinds and moods.
It is conventional to call 'monster' any blending of dissonant elements. I call 'monster' every original inexhaustible beauty.
As long as I love Beauty I am young.
When I first thought of the idea for 'Sweet Valley High,' I loved the idea of high school as microcosm of the real world. And what I really liked was how it moved things on from 'Sleeping Beauty'-esque romance novels where the girl had to wait for the hero. This would be girl-driven, very different, I decided - and indeed it is.
Though there might not be any easy answers to the problem of poverty, its most compelling scribes do not resign themselves to representation solely for the sake of those age-old verities of truth and beauty.
Far from creating a new formalism, what these can yield is something far transcending surface values since they not only embody form as beauty, but also form in which intuitions or ideas or conjectures have taken visible substance.
Beauty: the adjustment of all parts proportionately so that one cannot add or subtract or change without impairing the harmony of the whole.
Time takes the ugliness and horror out of death and turns it into beauty.
I'm not out here to win a beauty contest.
I think Whitman more than any other poet possessed the gift of revealing to others the beauty of everything around us, the beauty of nature, the beauty of human beings.
I'm not trying to stump anybody... it's the beauty of the language that I'm interested in.
Suddenly life has new meaning to me, there's beauty up above and things we never take notice of, you wake up suddenly you're in love.
Beauty is altogether in the eye of the beholder.
Perfect health, like perfect beauty, is a rare thing and so, it seems, is perfect disease.
The beauty of having short hair is that I actually can wash and style it at home!
The cottage garden most for use designed, Yet not of beauty destitute.
You will also allow me to thank the Academy for inviting me to lecture in Stockholm, for its hospitality, and for the opportunity afforded me for admiring the charm of your people and the beauty of your country.
It's harder, but we're still finding oil in Oklahoma today. The bar has been raised on startup companies, but it can still be done. Every regulation and every rule limits you, but, yes, it can still be done. That's the beauty of living in a free country and having the freedom to have an idea and become an entrepreneur.
Great designers seldom make great advertising men, because they get overcome by the beauty of the picture - and forget that merchandise must be sold.
The beauty of the past belongs to the past.
It is important to fund young researchers who want to do curiosity-driven research. Curiosity-driven research is a part of life. Some people are curious. They want to learn more about nature and society should help that. It's like art: you can learn more and bring more beauty.
I have no right to beauty. I had been condemned to masculine ugliness.
Search for beauty without features, something deeper than any signs.
I have several computer companies. One of them I have a program for wide-format printing. I have a beauty program. So I have several different programs that I own for printing.
There are elements of intrinsic beauty in the simplification of a house built on the log cabin idea.
First, there is the bare beauty of the logs themselves with their long lines and firm curves. Then there is the open charm felt of the structural features which are not hidden under plaster and ornament, but are clearly revealed, a charm felt in Japanese architecture.
There is an abiding beauty which may be appreciated by those who will see things as they are and who will ask for no reward except to see.
I think love and beauty are what life is all about.
Beauty is the first test: there is no permanent place in the world for ugly mathematics.
For the greater beauty of the instrument, the balls representing the planets are to be of considerable bigness but so contrived, that they may be taken off at pleasure, and others, much smaller, and fitter for some purposes, put in their places.
Literature boils with the madcap careers of writers brought to the edge by the demands of living on their nerves, wringing out their memories and their nightmares to extract meaning, truth, beauty.
I have a book out called 'The Beauty Equation' and it discusses how off track we have gone in considering beauty.
Jazz is a very democratic musical form. It comes out of a communal experience. We take our respective instruments and collectively create a thing of beauty.
But I fear, my lot being cast in Scotland, that beauty would not be content.
For most people, we often marvel at the beauty of a sunrise or the magnificence of a full moon, but it is impossible to fathom the magnitude of the universe that surrounds us.
Hath the spirit of all beauty Kissed you in the path of duty?
There are two kinds of artists in this world those that work because the spirit is in them, and they cannot be silent if they would, and those that speak from a conscientious desire to make apparent to others the beauty that has awakened their own admiration.
We Orientals find beauty not only in the thing itself but in the pattern of the shadows, the light and darkness which that thing provides.
Mathematics are the result of mysterious powers which no one understands, and which the unconscious recognition of beauty must play an important part. Out of an infinity of designs a mathematician chooses one pattern for beauty's sake and pulls it down to earth.
A small house must depend on its grouping with other houses for its beauty, and for the preservation of light air and the maximum of surrounding open space.
Personality is more important than beauty, but imagination is more important than both of them.
You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen. But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your own soul's doing.
And queenly is the state she keeps, In beauty's lofty trust secure.
If beauty isn't genius it usually signals at least a high level of animal cunning.
I don't know what the secret to longevity as an actress is. It's more than talent and beauty. Maybe it's the audience seeing itself in you.
The beauty of women was the first expression of my photography.
What I want to give in the theatre is beauty, that's what I want to give.
I want the Arabic Granada, that which is art, which is all that seems to me beauty and emotion.
The flowers anew, returning seasons bring but beauty faded has no second spring.
Those who find beauty in all of nature will find themselves at one with the secrets of life itself.
All the beauty of the world, 'tis but skin deep.
Beauty is the still birth of suffering, every woman knows that.
I feel by posing for Playboy I've discovered my own sexuality and beauty, and I feel more confident than ever.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting.
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.
I do the very best I know how - the very best I can and I mean to keep on doing so until the end.
The best road to progress is freedom's road.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
At his best, man is the noblest of all animals separated from law and justice he is the worst.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.
The best revenge is massive success.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
It's a funny thing about life if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there.
The best way to keep one's word is not to give it.
To give and then not feel that one has given is the very best of all ways of giving.
Living well is the best revenge.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
Clever men are good, but they are not the best.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
I always prefer to believe the best of everybody, it saves so much trouble.
The best thing to do with the best things in life is to give them up.
The worst men often give the best advice.
We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.
The best thing about animals is that they don't talk much.
I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it.
The best things in life are unexpected - because there were no expectations.
I will do my best. That is all I can do. I ask for your help - and God's.
Best to live lightly, unthinkingly.
The best doctors in the world are Doctor Diet, Doctor Quiet, and Doctor Merryman.
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
A problem is a chance for you to do your best.
Whether it's the best of times or the worst of times, it's the only time we've got.
He who has done his best for his own time has lived for all times.
You'll live. Only the best get killed.
This is the precept by which I have lived: Prepare for the worst expect the best and take what comes.
Most of the things we decide are not what we know to be the best. We say yes, merely because we are driven into a corner and must say something.
There is only one real sin and that is to persuade oneself that the second best is anything but second best.
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.
Since we live in this world, we have to do our best for this world.
Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation. Wholeheartedness is contagious. Give yourself, if you wish to get others.
First gain the victory and then make the best use of it you can.
The best way to navigate through life is to give up all of our controls.
When you do not know what you are doing and what you are doing is the best - that is inspiration.
The creed of a true saint is to make the best of life, and to make the most of it.
Just do what you do best.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.
My formula for living is quite simple. I get up in the morning and I go to bed at night. In between, I occupy myself as best I can.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.
Sleep is the best meditation.
The things I want to know are in books my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read.
You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil in its worst state, an intolerable one.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
I believe God is managing affairs and that He doesn't need any advice from me. With God in charge, I believe everything will work out for the best in the end. So what is there to worry about.
My mama always used to tell me: 'If you can't find somethin' to live for, you best find somethin' to die for.'
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.
Common looking people are the best in the world: that is the reason the Lord makes so many of them.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles.
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us.
The best proof of love is trust.
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
For a people who are free, and who mean to remain so, a well-organized and armed militia is their best security.
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.
The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.
I never had a policy I have just tried to do my very best each and every day.
If it's your job to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning. And If it's your job to eat two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first.
Honesty is the best policy.
I want it said of me by those who knew me best, that I always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where I thought a flower would grow.
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free - honorable alike in what we give and what we preserve. We shall nobly save, or meanly lose, the last best hope of earth.
The best way to get a bad law repealed is to enforce it strictly.
The best way to resolve any problem in the human world is for all sides to sit down and talk.
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
We have the best government that money can buy.
The time comes upon every public man when it is best for him to keep his lips closed.
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
I am easily satisfied with the very best.
The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.
It is not best that we should all think alike it is a difference of opinion that makes horse races.
If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got.
The best way out is always through.
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Prosperity is the best protector of principle.
He who knows best knows how little he knows.
The short words are best, and the old words are the best of all.
Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.
In war as in life, it is often necessary when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might.
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.
Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very fast.
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood.
If I'm honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all.
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another.
The best smell in the world is that man that you love.
The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away.
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
But men are men the best sometimes forget.
Surround yourself with the best people you can find, delegate authority, and don't interfere as long as the policy you've decided upon is being carried out.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges.
Infinite striving to be the best is man's duty it is its own reward. Everything else is in God's hands.
My experience has been that work is almost the best way to pull oneself out of the depths.
I can not believe that war is the best solution. No one won the last war, and no one will win the next war.
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
Why don't you start believing that no matter what you have or haven't done, that your best days are still out in front of you.
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love.
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy.
You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give.
We have the power to make this the best generation of mankind in the history of the world or to make it the last.
If liberty and equality, as is thought by some, are chiefly to be found in democracy, they will be best attained when all persons alike share in government to the utmost.
What we have found in this country, and maybe we're more aware of it now, is one problem that we've had, even in the best of times, and that is the people who are sleeping on the grates, the homeless, you might say, by choice.
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.
A man is relieved and gay when he has put his heart into his work and done his best but what he has said or done otherwise shall give him no peace.
Those who govern, having much business on their hands, do not generally like to take the trouble of considering and carrying into execution new projects. The best public measures are therefore seldom adopted from previous wisdom, but forced by the occasion.
Hunger is the best pickle.
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances.
It might be said now that I have the best of both worlds. A Harvard education and a Yale degree.
A blessed thing it is for any man or woman to have a friend, one human soul whom we can trust utterly, who knows the best and worst of us, and who loves us in spite of all our faults.
A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble.
Fatigue is the best pillow.
That government is best which governs least.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice the gift.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
I always believe that to be the best, you have to smell like the best, dress like the best, act like the best. When you throw your trash in the garbage can, it has to be better than anybody else who ever threw trash in the garbage can.
I think it's brought the world a lot closer together, and will continue to do that. There are downsides to everything there are unintended consequences to everything. The most corrosive piece of technology that I've ever seen is called television - but then, again, television, at its best, is magnificent.
Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.
Remember, always give your best. Never get discouraged. Never be petty. Always remember, others may hate you. But those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself.
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil.
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next.
The worst thing that happens to you may be the best thing for you if you don't let it get the best of you.
Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.
Society in every state is a blessing, but government, even in its best stage, is but a necessary evil in its worst state an intolerable one.
It is difficult to make our material condition better by the best law, but it is easy enough to ruin it by bad laws.
Our goal is to make the best devices in the world, not to be the biggest.
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.
Civilization had too many rules for me, so I did my best to rewrite them.
A failure is not always a mistake, it may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances. The real mistake is to stop trying.
To help yourself, you must be yourself. Be the best that you can be. When you make a mistake, learn from it, pick yourself up and move on.
We think the Mac will sell zillions, but we didn't build the Mac for anybody else. We built it for ourselves. We were the group of people who were going to judge whether it was great or not. We weren't going to go out and do market research. We just wanted to build the best thing we could build.
If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. The thing is to get the work done.
I know my country has not perfected itself. At times, we've struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people. We've made our share of mistakes, and there are times when our actions around the world have not lived up to our best intentions.
So let's not use a stylus. We're going to use the best pointing device in the world. We're going to use a pointing device that we're all born with - born with ten of them. We're going to use our fingers. We're going to touch this with our fingers. And we have invented a new technology called multi-touch, which is phenomenal. It works like magic.
We hire people who want to make the best things in the world.
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom.
Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations. Expect the best of yourself, and then do what is necessary to make it a reality.
A national political campaign is better than the best circus ever heard of, with a mass baptism and a couple of hangings thrown in.
The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you I the best place for the next moment.
An educated person is one who has learned that information almost always turns out to be at best incomplete and very often false, misleading, fictitious, mendacious - just dead wrong.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
In fact, the best thing we could do on taxes for all Americans is to simplify the individual tax code. This will be a tough job, but members of both parties have expressed an interest in doing this, and I am prepared to join them.
Look your best - who said love is blind?
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best.
I just think it is important that you realize , that you're the best in the world. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican or whether you're libertarian or whatever, you are the best. And we should not ever forget that. And when somebody does not do the job, we got to let them go.
The best way out of a difficulty is through it.
We can choose a future where we export more products and outsource fewer jobs. After a decade that was defined by what we bought and borrowed, we're getting back to basics, and doing what America has always done best: We're making things again.
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.
My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way.
Excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism.
There's a victory, and defeat the first and best of victories, the lowest and worst of defeats which each man gains or sustains at the hands not of another, but of himself.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.
In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact to shatter and destroy it is not so good.
Cynical realism is the intelligent man's best excuse for doing nothing in an intolerable situation.
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
For a long time now I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can.
Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best.
God is not on the side of the big battalions, but on the side of those who shoot best.
Never argue at the dinner table, for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument.
It has always been my belief that a man should do his best, regardless of how much he receives for his services, or the number of people he may be serving or the class of people served.
I was raised to believe that excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism. And that's how I operate my life.
Compromise is the best and cheapest lawyer.
Your purpose is to make your audience see what you saw, hear what you heard, feel what you felt. Relevant detail, couched in concrete, colorful language, is the best way to recreate the incident as it happened and to picture it for the audience.
The best way to sell yourself to others is first to sell the others to yourself.
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.
One thing is sure. We have to do something. We have to do the best we know how at the moment... If it doesn't turn out right, we can modify it as we go along.
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you.
That is what we are supposed to do when we are at our best - make it all up - but make it up so truly that later it will happen that way.
The best is the enemy of the good.
Marilyn Monroe wasn't even her real name, Charles Manson isn't his real name, and now, I'm taking that to be my real name. But what's real? You can't find the truth, you just pick the lie you like the best.
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears it is true.
The best activities for your health are pumping and humping.
In this world you've just got to hope for the best and prepare for the worst and take whatever God sends.
The best government is a benevolent tyranny tempered by an occasional assassination.
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited.
In a completely rational society, the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something else.
All significant truths are private truths. As they become public they cease to become truths they become facts, or at best, part of the public character or at worst, catchwords.
The best way to be boring is to leave nothing out.
We would all like to vote for the best man but he is never a candidate.
Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments.
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.
Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated.
Among the natural rights of the colonists are these: First a right to life, secondly to liberty, and thirdly to property together with the right to defend them in the best manner they can.
The best government is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.
Just do the best you can. No one can do more than that.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
The death of my father is probably the biggest thing that I ever faced. Daddy and I were best friends.
The genius of the United States is not best or most in its executives or legislatures, nor in its ambassadors or authors or colleges, or churches, or parlors, nor even in its newspapers or inventors, but always most in the common people.
The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance - the idea that anything is possible.
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Which government is the best? The one that teaches us to govern ourselves.
About astrology and palmistry: they are good because they make people vivid and full of possibilities. They are communism at its best. Everybody has a birthday and almost everybody has a palm.
Luck marches with those who give their very best.
I find that the best way to do things is to constantly move forward and to never doubt anything and keep moving forward, if you make a mistake say you made a mistake.
In art the best is good enough.
One cannot develop taste from what is of average quality but only from the very best.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.
Best of all is it to preserve everything in a pure, still heart, and let there be for every pulse a thanksgiving, and for every breath a song.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
It is always the best policy to speak the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
To refrain from imitation is the best revenge.
Yes'm, old friends is always best, 'less you can catch a new one that's fit to make an old one out of.
The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity.
There is an infinite difference between a little wrong and just right, between fairly good and the best, between mediocrity and superiority.
I just want to do what I do best, and that's fight. I love it.
No one can really honestly be the very best, no one.
Some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses.
You must accept that you might fail then, if you do your best and still don't win, at least you can be satisfied that you've tried. If you don't accept failure as a possibility, you don't set high goals, you don't branch out, you don't try - you don't take the risk.
You always want to quit while you are ahead. You don't want to be like a fighter who stays too long in the ring until you're not performing at your best.
To be successful in real estate, you must always and consistently put your clients' best interests first. When you do, your personal needs will be realized beyond your greatest expectations.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
There's a lot of great movies that have won the Academy Award, and a lot of great movies that haven't. You just do the best you can.
I believe the best service to the child is the service closest to the child, and children who are victims of neglect, abuse, or abandonment must not also be victims of bureaucracy. They deserve our devoted attention, not our divided attention.
The trite saying that honesty is the best policy has met with the just criticism that honesty is not policy. The real honest man is honest from conviction of what is right, not from policy.
We must stop thinking of the individual and start thinking about what is best for society.
If you felt that excitement when you voted for Barack Obama, shouldn't you feel that way now that he's President Obama? You know there's something wrong with the kind of job he's done as president when the best feeling you had was the day you voted for him.
The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil.
To study the abnormal is the best way of understanding the normal.
A well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained in arms, is the best most natural defense of a free country.
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
Massachusetts children cannot only lead the nation in test scores, they can be competitive with the best in the world. And the gap in achievement among races can virtually disappear.
I want you to remember when our White House reflected the best of who we are, not the worst of what Europe has become.
The strength and power and goodness of America has always been based on the strength and power and goodness of our communities, our families, our faiths. That is the bedrock of what makes America, America. In our best days, we can feel the vibrancy of America's communities, large and small.
I have long since come to believe that people never mean half of what they say, and that it is best to disregard their talk and judge only their actions.
Nearly all the best things that came to me in life have been unexpected, unplanned by me.
The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency.
Achievement is not always success, while reputed failure often is. It is honest endeavor, persistent effort to do the best possible under any and all circumstances.
Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world.
The things we know best are the things we haven't been taught.
Surround yourself with good people. Whether they're the best or not, people are capable of learning if they've got good hearts and they're good souls.
Always Do Your Best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body.
The best weapon of a dictatorship is secrecy, but the best weapon of a democracy should be the weapon of openness.
I think what makes our marriage work amid all the glare is that my husband is my best friend. He inspires everything in my life and enables me to do the best that I can. I want to hang out with him more than anyone.
Now I see the secret of making the best person: it is to grow in the open air and to eat and sleep with the earth.
Laughter is not a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is the best ending for one.
What we call wisdom is the result of all the wisdom of past ages. Our best institutions are like young trees growing upon the roots of the old trunks that have crumbled away.
The best way of removing negativity is to laugh and be joyous.
Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false.
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.
With my wife I don't get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to 'the best woman a man ever had.' The waiter joined me.
The best and safest thing is to keep a balance in your life, acknowledge the great powers around us and in us. If you can do that, and live that way, you are really a wise man.
The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
The best argument I know for an immortal life is the existence of a man who deserves one.
Set up another case bartender! The best thing for a case of nerves is a case of Scotch.
Toleration is the best religion.
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Stubborn and ardent clinging to one's opinion is the best proof of stupidity.
The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.
Genius always gives its best at first prudence, at last.
Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether it's business or baseball, or the theater, or any field. If you don't love what you're doing and you can't give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. You'll be an old man before you know it.
That best portion of a man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
I lead no party I follow no leader. I have given the best part of my life to careful study of Islam, its law and polity, its culture, its history and its literature.
I don't want to do business with those who don't make a profit, because they can't give the best service.
No man who worships education has got the best out of education... Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete.
Use what talents you possess the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
People who lean on logic and philosophy and rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind.
The most basic question is not what is best, but who shall decide what is best.
I don't know why, it's the same reason why you like some music and you don't like others. There's something about it that you like. Ultimately I don't find it's in my best interests to try and analyze it, since it's fundamentally emotional.
I am not a perfect servant. I am a public servant doing my best against the odds. As I develop and serve, be patient. God is not finished with me yet.
Of all the home remedies, a good wife is best.
Everywhere I go, I'm asked if I think the universities stifle writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. There's many a best seller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
These things bring you to reality as to how fragile you are at the same moment you are doing something that nobody else is able to do. The same moment that you are seen as the best, the fastest and somebody that cannot be touched, you are enormously fragile.
I was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was as good as new. What is broken is broken - and I'd rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as I lived.
Goals provide the energy source that powers our lives. One of the best ways we can get the most from the energy we have is to focus it. That is what goals can do for us concentrate our energy.
The deferring of anger is the best antidote to anger.
Man, being reasonable, must get drunk the best of life is but intoxication.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
I think every girl needs to love herself, regardless of anything. Like if you're having a bad day, if you don't like your hair, if you don't have the best family situation, whatever, you have to love yourself and you can't do anything until you love yourself first.
Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. It's when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks.
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
Let us put theology out of religion. Theology has always sent the worst to heaven, the best to hell.
Now I know that Wal-Mart's policies do not reflect the best way of doing business and the values that I think are important in America.
I am someone who hopes for the best and prepares for the worst.
Sculpture is the best comment that a painter can make on painting.
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.
The best way to know God is to love many things.
The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want.
I am neither frustrated nor planning anything other than being the best Secretary of State I could be.
There is no doubt that America remains the premier political, economic, military power in the world, and I both expect and count on it remaining so, because I think that's certainly in our best interest but also the best interests of the world.
The best morale exist when you never hear the word mentioned. When you hear a lot of talk about it, it's usually lousy.
I may be as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
Take those chances and you can achieve greatness, whereas if you go conservative, you'll never know. I truly believe what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Even if you fail, learning and moving on is sometimes the best thing.
But I always think that the best way to know God is to love many things.
Prescription: A physician's guess at what will best prolong the situation with least harm to the patient.
Part of the reason for the ugliness of adults, in a child's eyes, is that the child is usually looking upwards, and few faces are at their best when seen from below.
There is only one thing for us to do, and that is to do our level best right where we are every day of our lives To use our best judgment, and then to trust the rest to that Power which holds the forces of the universe in his hands.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible.
Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised.
I have found that being honest is the best technique I can use. Right up front, tell people what you're trying to accomplish and what you're willing to sacrifice to accomplish it.
No man really knows about other human beings. The best he can do is to suppose that they are like himself.
I have found it advisable not to give too much heed to what people say when I am trying to accomplish something of consequence. Invariably they proclaim it can't be done. I deem that the very best time to make the effort.
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day.
The best time for you to hold your tongue is the time you feel you must say something or bust.
If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order.
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
Research has shown that the best way to be happy is to make each day happy.
A boy's story is the best that is ever told.
Being forced to work, and forced to do your best, will breed in you temperance and self-control, diligence and strength of will, cheerfulness and content, and a hundred virtues which the idle will never know.
The best way to obtain truth and wisdom is not to ask from books, but to go to God in prayer, and obtain divine teaching.
Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe. The greatest gift we have is the gift of life. We understand that. That comes from our Creator. We're given a body. Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized.
Being a blockhead is sometimes the best security against being cheated by a man of wit.
It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellowmen.
The best thing about giving of ourselves is that what we get is always better than what we give. The reaction is greater than the action.
If you're feeling insecure and you need to feel special, the best place to go is somewhere foreign where people treat you as special because you're different.
No man fails who does his best.
The size of your accomplishments, the quality of your achievement, will depend very largely on how big a man you see in yourself, what sort of image you get of your possible self, yourself at your best.
Fit no stereotypes. Don't chase the latest management fads. The situation dictates which approach best accomplishes the team's mission.
I think we all have blocks between us and the best version of ourselves, whether it's shyness, insecurity, anxiety, whether it's a physical block, and the story of a person overcoming that block to their best self. It's truly inspiring because I think all of us are engaged in that every day.
In the misfortunes of our best friends we always find something not altogether displeasing to us.
Life is short and if you're looking for extension, you had best do well. 'Cause there's good deeds and then there's good intentions. They are as far apart as Heaven and Hell.
I find myself hoping a total end of all the unhappy divisions of mankind by party-spirit, which at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few.
Wishful thinking is not idealism. It is self-indulgence at best and self-exaltation at worst. In either case, it is usually at the expense of others. In other words, it is the opposite of idealism.
Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.
As a general rule, the most successful man in life is the man who has the best information.
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people.
The best time I ever had with Joan Crawford was when I pushed her down the stairs in Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?
The intention to live as long as possible isn't one of the mind's best intentions, because quantity isn't the same as quality.
The future hasn't happened yet and the past is gone. So I think the only moment we have is right here and now, and I try to make the best of those moments, the moments that I'm in.
The noir hero is a knight in blood caked armor. He's dirty and he does his best to deny the fact that he's a hero the whole time.
I looked on child rearing not only as a work of love and duty but as a profession that was fully as interesting and challenging as any honorable profession in the world and one that demanded the best that I could bring to it.
For Forms of Government let fools contest whatever is best administered is best.
The best thing we can do if we want the Russians to let us be Americans is to let the Russians be Russian.
You should read history and look at ostracism, persecution, martyrdom, and that kind of thing. They always happen to the best men, you know.
Brevity is the best recommendation of speech, whether in a senator or an orator.
We should often feel ashamed of our best actions if the world could see all the motives which produced them.
We should often blush for our very best actions, if the world did but see all the motives upon which they were done.
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
I love that for Barack, there is no such thing as 'us' and 'them' - he doesn't care whether you're a Democrat, a Republican, or none of the above... he knows that we all love our country... and he's always ready to listen to good ideas... he's always looking for the very best in everyone he meets.
Use those talents you have. You will make it. You will give joy to the world. Take this tip from nature: The woods would be a very silent place if no birds sang except those who sang best.
The wildest colts make the best horses.
The best interpreter of the law is custom.
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.
Blondes make the best victims. They're like virgin snow that shows up the bloody footprints.
Education must provide the opportunities for self-fulfillment it can at best provide a rich and challenging environment for the individual to explore, in his own way.
You must be worthy of the best, but not more worthy than the rest.
As long as you as an individual... can convince yourself that in order to move forward as best you can you have to be optimistic, you can be described as 'one of the faithful,' one of those people who can say, 'Well, look, something's going to happen! Let's just keep trying. Let's not give up.
I think the best thing I can do is to be a distraction. A husband lives and breathes his work all day long. If he comes home to more table thumping, how can the poor man ever relax?
Focused. I'm a hustler. And my hustle is trying to figure out the best ways to do what I like without having to do much else.
You may call God love, you may call God goodness. But the best name for God is compassion.
I want to talk to the bullied kids of the world. Tell them to hang on, it will get better. Know that an 'Iron Chef,' actors, musicians, artists and all successful people have probably been bullied in their life. And the best part of your life is yet to come. Whatever it takes to live, do it!
Beer, it's the best damn drink in the world.
If anything I try to write something that would be more difficult to film. I tend to see film as competition and would like instead to do what books do best.
The principle of all successful effort is to try to do not what is absolutely the best, but what is easily within our power, and suited for our temperament and condition.
Everyone is your best friend when you are successful. Make sure that the people that you surround yourself with are also the people that you are not afraid of failing with.
A majority is always better than the best repartee.
The best security for civilization is the dwelling, and upon properly appointed and becoming dwellings depends, more than anything else, the improvement of mankind.
Words are not as satisfactory as we should like them to be, but, like our neighbours, we have got to live with them and must make the best and not the worst of them.
This is the patent age of new inventions for killing bodies, and for saving souls. All propagated with the best intentions.
It's best to have failure happen early in life. It wakes up the Phoenix bird in you so you rise from the ashes.
At best the family teaches the finest things human beings can learn from one another generosity and love. But it is also, all too often, where we learn nasty things like hate, rage and shame.
The best thing commercially, which is the worst artistically, by and large, is the most successful.
In the beginning there was the word. The word was Jah. The word is in I, Jah is in I. I make what is good, better, and what is better, best. I follow this in every aspect of life.
I don't care whether people like me or dislike me. I'm not on earth to win a popularity contest. I'm here to be the best human being I possibly can be.
The promises of this world are, for the most part, vain phantoms and to confide in one's self, and become something of worth and value is the best and safest course.
The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.
Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves.
Voting is a right best exercised by people who have taken time to learn about the issues.
The best work is not what is most difficult for you it is what you do best.
I have believed the best of every man. And find that to believe is enough to make a bad man show him at his best, or even a good man swings his lantern higher.
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best.
There is only one failure in life possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows.
I'm proof against that word failure. I've seen behind it. The only failure a man ought to fear is failure of cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best.
The best augury of a man's success in his profession is that he thinks it the finest in the world.
For what is love itself, for the one we love best? An enfolding of immeasurable cares which yet are better than any joys outside our love.
If you're lucky enough to have a pretty girl love you and share herself and sleep with you, make that your secret. The best way to spoil love is by talking to too many people about it.
You hear the best stories from ordinary people. That sense of immediacy is more real to me than a lot of writerly, literary-type crafted stories. I want that immediacy when I read a novel.
Some of the best ideas I get seem to happen when I'm doing mindless manual labor or exercise. I'm not sure how that happens, but it leaves me free for remarkable ideas to occur.
Events will take their course, it is no good of being angry at them he is happiest who wisely turns them to the best account.
Economy is the basis of society. When the economy is stable, society develops. The ideal economy combines the spiritual and the material, and the best commodities to trade in are sincerity and love.
Dictionaries are like watches, the worst is better than none and the best cannot be expected to go quite true.
Silence is true wisdom's best reply.
Education is the leading of human souls to what is best, and making what is best out of them.
Certainly the best works, and of greatest merit for the public, have proceeded from the unmarried, or childless men.
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.
After all, the best part of a holiday is perhaps not so much to be resting yourself, as to see all the other fellows busy working.
Choose your companions from the best Who draws a bucket with the rest soon topples down the hill.
Also, if you want to reach people, theatre is not always the best way to do it.
Let me recommend the best medicine in the world: a long journey, at a mild season, through a pleasant country, in easy stages.
He who knows no hardships will know no hardihood. He who faces no calamity will need no courage. Mysterious though it is, the characteristics in human nature which we love best grow in a soil with a strong mixture of troubles.
In writing and politicking, it's best not to think about it, just do it.
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.
Employees are a company's greatest asset - they're your competitive advantage. You want to attract and retain the best provide them with encouragement, stimulus, and make them feel that they are an integral part of the company's mission.
I really feel like life will dictate itself. You should allow it to unfold as naturally as possible. Just go with the flow. When you're really desperate, you say a few prayers and hope for the best. That's the way I've always lived my life.
I have made the choices that work best for me. I know I cannot please everyone, and that's fine.
Science is simply common sense at its best, that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend.
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
The best way in the world to deceive believers is to cloak a message in religious language and declare that it conveys some new insight from God.
An excuse becomes an obstacle in your journey to success when it is made in place of your best effort or when it is used as the object of the blame.
There are people and nations, Mother, that I would like to say to you by name. I entrust them to you in silence, I entrust them to you in the way that you know best.
I love my wife and I know she loves me. We're best friends. We're just lucky to have found each other. It takes a lot of work but I just feel very blessed that I found the right person. It's a very fortunate situation and not everyone has that.
Falling in love is the best way to kill your heart because then it's not yours anymore. It's laid in a coffin, waiting to be cremated.
The human body is the best picture of the human soul.
As you know from school, it's when you have not prepared for the test that you have the fear of failing. And if you have prepared, even if you fail, you've done your best.
Land really is the best art.
How long most people would look at the best book before they would give the price of a large turbot for it?
Nearly all the powerful people of this age are unbelievers, the best of them in doubt and misery, the most in plodding hesitation, doing as well as they can, what practical work lies at hand.
The art which we may call generally art of the wayside, as opposed to that which is the business of men's lives, is, in the best sense of the word, Grotesque.
The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry.
As a mom, I know it is my responsibility, and no one else's, to raise my kids. But we have to ask ourselves, what does it mean when so many parents are finding their best efforts undermined by an avalanche of advertisements aimed at our kids.
We do not look in our great cities for our best morality.
A man's best fortune, or his worst, is his wife.
When love is at its best, one loves so much that he cannot forget.
It is with trifles, and when he is off guard, that a man best reveals his character.
She's always there for me when I need her She's my best friend she's just my everything.
The best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it.
Priests are not men of the world it is not intended that they should be and a University training is the one best adapted to prevent their becoming so.
This Halloween, the most popular mask is the Arnold Schwarzenegger mask. And the best part? With a mouth full of candy you will sound just like him.
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage.
You don't despair about something like the Middle East, you just do the best you can.
The best vision is insight.
Friends are the best to turn to when you're having a rough day.
I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best.
There is a wisdom in this beyond the rules of physic: a man's own observation what he finds good of and what he finds hurt of is the best physic to preserve health.
Virtue is like a rich stone, best plain set.
Some people have such a talent for making the best of a bad situation that they go around creating bad situations so they can make the best of them.
My best moment? I have a lot of good moments but the one I prefer is when I kicked the hooligan.
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
There is so much good in the worst of us, and so much bad in the best of us, that it ill behaves any of us to find fault with the rest of us.
The best revenge is to live on and prove yourself.
We all like to forgive, and love best not those who offend us least, nor who have done most for us, but those who make it most easy for us to forgive them.
He has spent his life best who has enjoyed it most. God will take care that we do not enjoy it any more than is good for us.
I've given it my all. I've done my best. Now, I'm ready with my family to begin the next phase of our lives.
Man finds it hard to get what he wants, because he does not want the best God finds it hard to give, because He would give the best, and man will not take it.
Meditation is all about the pursuit of nothingness. It's like the ultimate rest. It's better than the best sleep you've ever had. It's a quieting of the mind. It sharpens everything, especially your appreciation of your surroundings. It keeps life fresh.
I don't believe the most successful people are the ones who got the best grades, got into the best schools, or made the most money.
Your best friend and worst enemy are both in this room right now. It's not your neighbor right or left - and it's not God or the devil - it's you.
Men at most differ as Heaven and Earth, but women, worst and best, as Heaven and Hell.
And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out into the world it is best to hold hands and stick together.
I'm human, I'm not perfect. I make mistakes all the time, but I guess my job is to keep those mistakes to myself, which I'm already fine doing and just try to be the best I can be for those kids.
Maria is the best reason to come home.
Philosophy begins in wonder. And, at the end, when philosophic thought has done its best, the wonder remains.
There is no end of craving. Hence contentment alone is the best way to happiness. Therefore, acquire contentment.
The large majority of the Negroes who have put on the finishing touches of our best colleges are all but worthless in the development of their people.
The best thing is to look natural, but it takes makeup to look natural.
Humor is one of the best ingredients of survival.
In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldn't have to ride around with jerks.
One man's ways may be as good as another's, but we all like our own best.
The best way to lose weight is to close your mouth - something very difficult for a politician. Or watch your food - just watch it, don't eat it.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
No matter the nationality, no matter the religion, no matter the ethnic background, America brings out the best in people.
Words empty as the wind are best left unsaid.
It is our moral obligation to give every child the very best education possible.
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.
Loving a child doesn't mean giving in to all his whims to love him is to bring out the best in him, to teach him to love what is difficult.
To all the positions, I just bring the determination to win. Me being an unselfish player, I think that can carry on to my teammates. When you have one of the best players on the court being unselfish, I think that transfers to the other players.
Expect the best, Prepare for the worst.
The union movement has been the best middle class job creating program that America has ever had, and it doesn't cost the government a dime.
The best subjects are always people, who never fail to amaze me by their unpredictability.
Having lots of siblings is like having built-in best friends.
The best things in life are silly.
Thinking well to be wise: planning well, wiser: doing well wisest and best of all.
Perhaps it sounds ridiculous, but the best thing that young filmmakers should do is to get hold of a camera and some film and make a movie of any kind at all.
Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of man's cruelty and baseness.
I marvel at the resilience of the Jewish people. Their best characteristic is their desire to remember. No other people has such an obsession with memory.
Every day, people settle for less than they deserve. They are only partially living or at best living a partial life. Every human being has the potential for greatness.
Throughout my life I have always been amazed that people couldn't listen to other people, that they couldn't hear their best intent, that there seemed to be an enormous need to demonize.
Ideas are elusive, slippery things. Best to keep a pad of paper and a pencil at your bedside, so you can stab them during the night before they get away.
Though bachelors be the strongest stakes, married men are the best binders, in the hedge of the commonwealth.
He is the best sailor who can steer within fewest points of the wind, and exact a motive power out of the greatest obstacles.
The education of women is the best way to save the environment.
Pride is still aiming at the best houses: Men would be angels, angels would be gods. Aspiring to be gods, if angels fell aspiring to be angels men rebel.
Woman's at best a contradiction still.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
Being a mother is the best thing that ever happened to me. Before you have your first baby you are a girl and then you become a mother. There is no transition into being a woman you literally become a mum and being a mum means you always love someone else more than yourself and it is an unexplainable situation.
God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.
I did the best I could, and in some arenas, my best was not good enough. I've made some bad choices.
Those men get along best with women who can get along best without them.
In our so-called democracy we are accustomed to give the majority what they want rather than educate them to understand what is best for them.
It is our best work that God wants, not the dregs of our exhaustion. I think he must prefer quality to quantity.
I was blessed with certain gifts and talents and God gave them to me to be the best person I can be and to have a positive impact on other people.
Music is the best way for me to say I love you.
The time that people aren't expecting what's going to happen, I find that's the best time to really cause the damage that needs to be done.
You and I are stuck with the necessity of taking the worst of two evils or none at all. So-I'm taking the immature Democrat as the best of the two. Nixon is impossible.
I just always expect the best because I'm a competitor and if I'm competing, then obviously I'm trying to be better in everything.
Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature.
A Boss in Heaven is the best excuse for a boss on earth, therefore If God did exist, he would have to be abolished.
Party-spirit at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few.
My dad was my best friend and greatest role model. He was an amazing dad, coach, mentor, soldier, husband and friend.
Yet, it is true, poetry is delicious the best prose is that which is most full of poetry.
The ultimate victory in competition is derived from the inner satisfaction of knowing that you have done your best and that you have gotten the most out of what you had to give.
Power will intoxicate the best hearts, as wine the strongest heads. No man is wise enough, nor good enough to be trusted with unlimited power.
Beauty ought to look a little surprised: it is the emotion that best suits her face. The beauty who does not look surprised, who accepts her position as her due - she reminds us too much of a prima donna.
There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world. Love of books is the best of all.
When you look good, you feel good. Confidence with what you're wearing is very important. If you feel good, you will always perform your best without worrying about anything.
Like anything else that happens on its own, the act of writing is beyond currency. Money is great stuff to have, but when it comes to the act of creation, the best thing is not to think of money too much. It constipates the whole process.
Good manners is the art of making those people easy with whom we converse. Whoever makes the fewest people uneasy is the best bred in the room.
The best of seers is he who guesses well.
Great tragedy has come to us, and we are meeting it with the best that is in our country, with courage and concern for others because this is America. This is who we are.
Gorgeous hair is the best revenge.
When one is trying to do something beyond his known powers it is useless to seek the approval of friends. Friends are at their best in moments of defeat.
Borrowing knowledge of reality from all sources, taking the best from every study, Science of Mind brings together the highest enlightenment of the ages.
We reproach people for talking about themselves but it is the subject they treat best.
Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay.
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.
What is the recipe for successful achievement? To my mind there are just four essential ingredients: Choose a career you love, give it the best there is in you, seize your opportunities, and be a member of the team.
Do not have evil-doers for friends, do not have low people for friends: have virtuous people for friends, have for friends the best of men.
Do not make best friends with a melancholy sad soul. They always are heavily loaded, and you must bear half.
We can best help you to prevent war not by repeating your words and following your methods but by finding new words and creating new methods.
As we look forward to freedom, the shining city on the hill and the best days of America lying ahead, it is the men and women in uniform who protect, defend and make us proud to whom we should look and give thanks every night.
Canada's the best country in the world.
Next to acquiring good friends, the best acquisition is that of good books.
The days you work are the best days.
Sometimes you feel awkward being what you're best at, you feel like you have to be something new.
The best men of the best epochs are simply those who make the fewest blunders and commit the fewest sins.
Quit while you're ahead. All the best gamblers do.
Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.
It is best for the wise man not to seem wise.
I have always thought that change you can see and feel is best.
The best mind-altering drug is the truth.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.
We are all of us failures, at least, the best of us are.
There are two way of establishing a reputation, one to be praised by honest people and the other to be accused by rogues. It is best, however, to secure the first one, because it will always be accompanied by the latter.
The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young.
The best time to plan a book is while you're doing the dishes.
Comfort in expressing your emotions will allow you to share the best of yourself with others, but not being able to control your emotions will reveal your worst.
The unions say 'last hired - first fired,', we say hire and fire based on merit. We want the best and brightest in the classroom.
I'm full of fears and I do my best to avoid difficulties and any kind of complications. I like everything around me to be clear as crystal and completely calm.
Where I am today... I still have my ups and downs, but I take it one day at a time and I just hope that I can be the best that I can possibly be, not only for myself, but also young people that are out there today that need someone to look up to.
The Supreme Court has insulted you over and over again, Lord. They've taken your Bible away from the schools. They've forbidden little children to pray. They've taken the knowledge of God as best they can, and organizations have come into court to take the knowledge of God out of the public square of America.
The best doctor is the one you run to and can't find.
Don't despair too much if you see beautiful things destroyed, if you see them perish. Because the best things are always growing in secret.
As an elder of the Americas and of the rest of the planet, it is my responsibility to care for and protect, to the best of my ability, the young.
He who keeps his cool best wins.
It is not enough to do your best you must know what to do, and then do your best.
A girl's legs are her best friends... but even the best of friends must part.
Hope is the best possession. None are completely wretched but those who are without hope. Few are reduced so low as that.
I think that from the time you start playing sports as a child you see that your responsibility to your team is to play the best that you can play as an individual... and yet, not take anything away from being part of a team.
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
All that really matters is I have two beautiful kids, and I'm trying to be the best dad I can possibly be, and that's the most important thing of all.
I'll tell you one thing: Don't ever give anybody your best advice, because they're not going to follow it.
I think that making love is the best form of exercise.
Walking is man's best medicine.
The game of history is usually played by the best and the worst over the heads of the majority in the middle.
The best part of the art of living is to know how to grow old gracefully.
Golf is so popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad.
So if diva means giving your best, then yes, I guess I am a diva.
Learned Institutions ought to be favorite objects with every free people. They throw that light over the public mind which is the best security against crafty and dangerous encroachments on the public liberty.
Your best teacher is your last mistake.
Time is generally the best doctor.
One of the greatest things drama can do, at it's best, is to redefine the words we use every day such as love, home, family, loyalty and envy. Tragedy need not be a downer.
You have to surround yourself with people who love you and want the best for you.
Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for the greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer.
The best remedy for a short temper is a long walk.
You know the best thing about competition? There's this whole strategy game, and when it all works out its like solving that hard math equation. You finally get the answer and you're so happy.
In politics, strangely enough, the best way to play your cards is to lay them face upwards on the table.
Texas women have an amazing sense of purpose when they lose it. They're the best girls in the world - they're loyal and fun, but when they get mad, they'll try to kill you.
Mechanization best serves mediocrity.
The waste basket is the writer's best friend.
Always do your best.
Each of us has been put on earth with the ability to do something well. We cheat ourselves and the world if we don't use that ability as best we can.
A grave blockhead should always go about with a lively one - they show one another off to the best advantage.
My imagination completely controls me, and forever feeds the fire that burns with dark red light in my heart by bringing me the best dreams. I've always had a wild imagination, a big heart and a tortured soul so I feel that dark fantasy, love and horror are in my blood.
The humblest painter is a true scholar and the best of scholars the scholar of nature.
Laughter is the best medicine - unless you're diabetic, then insulin comes pretty high on the list.
Soap and water and common sense are the best disinfectants.
The best artist has that thought alone Which is contained within the marble shell The sculptor's hand can only break the spell To free the figures slumbering in the stone.
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
From now until the end of time no one else will ever see life with my eyes, and I mean to make the best of my chance.
There are lots of things which I would love to tell him, but in some way, I also feel that I lost the person closest to me. And I got a second chance to live. So in a way I feel that I live for both of us... and I will do my best.
The best teacher is the one who suggests rather than dogmatizes, and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself.
I've always believed that there are funny people everywhere, but they're just not comedians. In fact, some of my best comedic inspirations were not professional entertainers.
A lot of women these days, a lot of young women don't want to call themselves feminists. You have this cheap, hideous 'girl power' sort of fad, which I think is pretty benign at best, but at worst, I think it's a way of taking the politics out of feminism and making it some kind of fashion.
Cigarettes and coffee: an alcoholic's best friend!
I'm very competitive by nature. And I like to be the underdog - It's the best way to win. To come from behind and win is a great feeling!
When you do something best in life, you don't really want to give that up - and for me it's tennis.
My belief is that communication is the best way to create strong relationships.
It is best to love wisely, no doubt but to love foolishly is better than not to be able to love at all.
Amidst all the clutter, beyond all the obstacles, aside from all the static, are the goals set. Put your head down, do the best job possible, let the flak pass, and work towards those goals.
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.
But one of the things I learned is that when you fight for something you believe in and you tell the truth and you do your best, you can always hold your head up high and no one can take that away from you.
The best way to turn a woman's head is to tell her she has a beautiful profile.
Among the best traitors Ireland has ever had, Mother Church ranks at the very top, a massive obstacle in the path to equality and freedom. She has been a force for conservatism... to ward off threats to her own security and influence.
The best protection any woman can have... is courage.
The best thing to do is stare it in the face and move on. We have to face our fears and plow through. I think taking chances takes a lot more courage than staying stagnant and doing what's safe and comfortable.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune, and idleness, its opposite, never brought a man to the goal of any of his best wishes.
Fairest and best adorned is she Whose clothing is humility.
You can only do your best. That's all you can do. And if it isn't good enough, it isn't good enough.
The best place a person can die, is where they die for others.
Not to be born is, past all prizing, best.
Sometimes you get the best light from a burning bridge.
It is best to live however one can be.
Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students. What better books can there be than the book of humanity?
Holidays are the best. I couldn't imagine being from a small family.
I just feel my best when I'm all glammed up.
To look and feel my best, I watch my calories and exercise.
If I look at the message I'm portraying, I think it definitely is be who you are, but be your best you.
I know some people say it's not the best to work with your family, but I have never understood that because it's always worked so well for me.
The best plan now is to have as many bosses as possible. I call it boss diversity. If you work for a company and you have one boss and that boss doesn't like you or wants to get rid of you, you're in trouble. But if you work for yourself, you have lots of bosses, who are your customers, and if a few of them decide they don't like you, that's okay.
Every Body has so good an Opinion of their own Understanding as to think their own way the best.
In matters of conscience, first thoughts are best. In matters of prudence, last thoughts are best.
Since I'm always working, my best holiday memories are definitely when I can just go home and spend time with my family.
It's impossible, I think, however much I'd become disillusioned politically or evolve into a post-political person, I don't think I'd ever change my view that socialism is the best political moment humans have ever come up with.
Join me in Olympic Heros for Abstinence. The best sex is no sex.
Lay this unto your breast: Old friends, like old swords, still are trusted best.
Confrontation is not a dirty word. Sometimes it's the best kind of journalism as long you don't confront people just for the sake of a confrontation.
A lot of the fun lies in trying to penetrate the mystery and this is best done by saying over the lines to yourself again and again, till they pass through the stage of sounding like nonsense, and finally return to a full sense that had at first escaped notice.
Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
It is my belief that we all have the need to feel special. It is this need that can bring out the best in us, yet the worst in us.
A mathematician is a person who can find analogies between theorems a better mathematician is one who can see analogies between proofs and the best mathematician can notice analogies between theories.
The best way to convince a fool that he is wrong is to let him have his own way.
One of the best temporary cures for pride and affectation is seasickness a man who wants to vomit never puts on airs.
My stay-married secret would probably be exercising good communication, not when you have to but all the time. I think if you do that, you kinda just cleanse the situations, so there's not build up. I think that's probably the best way to do it.
How mankind defers from day to day the best it can do, and the most beautiful things it can enjoy, without thinking that every day may be the last one, and that lost time is lost eternity!
Even a liberal reporter is a patriot, wants the best for this country. And people, your fair and balanced friends at Fox, don't fully understand that.
The best people renounce all for one goal, the eternal fame of mortals but most people stuff themselves like cattle.
A man's sentiments are generally just and right, while it is second selfish thought which makes him trim and adopt some other view. The best reforms are worked out when sentiment operates, as it does in women, with the indignation of righteousness.
Music is the best means we have of digesting time.
What good mothers and fathers instinctively feel like doing for their babies is usually best after all.
It is with children that we have the best chance of studying the development of logical knowledge, mathematical knowledge, physical knowledge, and so forth.
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet.
I believe that I often bring out the best in somebody's talents.
A Harvard Medical School study has determined that rectal thermometers are still the best way to tell a baby's temperature. Plus, it really teaches the baby who's boss.
The best intelligence test is what we do with our leisure.
To write the lives of the great in separating them from their works necessarily ends by above all stressing their pettiness, because it is in their work that they have put the best of themselves.
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.
You do what you can for as long as you can, and when you finally can't, you do the next best thing. You back up but you don't give up.
Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint from eating.
If somebody says no to you, or if you get cut, Michael Jordan was cut his first year, but he came back and he was the best ever. That is what you have to have. The attitude that I'm going to show everybody, I'm going to work hard to get better and better.
A strong hatred is the best lamp to bear in our hands as we go over the dark places of life, cutting away the dead things men tell us to revere.
The best kids are going to become the best. But the best thing about it is that you're going to learn lessons in playing those sports about winning and losing and teamwork and teammates and arguments and everything else that are going to affect you positively for the rest of your life.
Compassion has no place in the natural order of the world which operates on the basis of necessity. Compassion opposes this order and is therefore best thought of as being in some way supernatural.
Sleep is good, death is better but of course, the best thing would to have never been born at all.
Reading - the best state yet to keep absolute loneliness at bay.
The best of artists has no conception that the marble alone does not contain within itself.
I did my best, and God did the rest.
Punishment may make us obey the orders we are given, but at best it will only teach an obedience to authority, not a self-control which enhances our self-respect.
The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life.
Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow - after you have done your best to achieve success today.
The best medicine I know for rheumatism is to thank the Lord that it ain't gout.
Proving I'm a good mother is the one achievement I'm most proud of. It's brought out the best in me.
One of the rarest things that a man ever does, is to do the best he can.
I got a Valentine's Day card from my girl. It said, 'Take my heart! Take my arms! Take my lips!' Which is just like her. Keeping the best part for herself.
No human being is constituted to know the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth and even the best of men must be content with fragments, with partial glimpses, never the full fruition.
Experience is the best teacher of all. And for that, there are no guarantees that one will become an artist. Only the journey matters.
The advice of the elders to young men is very apt to be as unreal as a list of the hundred best books.
The bold adventurer succeeds the best.
I feel I'd like to share my luck and my life. Being in love is the best thing in the world.
I keep sailing on in this middle passage. I am sailing into the wind and the dark. But I am doing my best to keep my boat steady and my sails full.
This is the great reward of service, to live, far out and on, in the life of others this is the mystery of Christ, - to give life's best for such high sake that it shall be found again unto life eternal.
You know it's going to hell when the best rapper out there is white and the best golfer is black.
The best of us must sometimes eat our words.
I would like to be remembered as someone who did the best she could with the talent she had.
The middle class is so funny, it's the class I know best, and it's the class where you find the most pretension, so that's what makes the middle classes so funny.
The only way you can get good, unless you're a genius, is to copy. That's the best thing. Just steal.
I just need to know that I did the very best I could and that I was true to myself.
I believe in prayer. It's the best way we have to draw strength from heaven.
The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts.
There is a Japanese proverb that literally goes 'Raise the sail with your stronger hand,' meaning you must go after the opportunities that arise in life that you are best equipped to do.
The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.
After all it is those who have a deep and real inner life who are best able to deal with the irritating details of outer life.
That's what liberalism is all about, is promoting incompetence on the basis it's fair, because people would be the best if they weren't discriminated against.
We're not arrogant, we just believe we're the best band in the world.
For the last five years, we have been presented with the idea that Barack Obama is superhuman. Barack Obama is unlike any of us or anyone else. And he isn't. In fact, he's much less achieved and much less accomplished than most who have gotten half as far as he has, and I think maybe what we saw was the best.
One accusation you can't throw at me is that I've always done my best.
You should always be well and bright, for so you do your best work and you have so much beautiful work to do. The world needs it, and you must give it!
Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick.
I was raised not to be rude, but I also try to get the best work out of people.
The best books for a man are not always those which the wise recommend, but often those which meet the peculiar wants, the natural thirst of his mind, and therefore awaken interest and rivet thought.
Nature scarcely ever gives us the very best for that we must have recourse to art.
All the best performers bring to their role something more, something different than what the author put on paper. That's what makes theatre live. That's why it persists.
I rate Morrissey as one of the best lyricists in Britain. For me, he's up there with Bryan Ferry.
I'm not saying that there's anything better than mated bliss at its best, but I'm saying that living alone is as good in its own way. But we haven't quite given ourselves permission to recognize that.
Life is an unfoldment, and the further we travel the more truth we can comprehend. To understand the things that are at our door is the best preparation for understanding those that lie beyond.
There are people who take rumors and embellish them in a way that can be devastating. And this pollution has to be eradicated by people in our business as best we can.
I'm aware if I'm playing at my best I'm tough to beat. And I enjoy that.
I like physics. I think it is the best science out of all three of them, because generally it's more useful. You learn about speed and velocity and time, and that's all clever stuff.
Memories are like mulligatawny soup in a cheap restaurant. It is best not to stir them.
That's what happens nowadays with people working on computers. They can so easily fix things with their mouse and take out all the, 'Oh, somebody coughed in the background we need to take that out' - or somebody hit a bad note. Those are all the best moments.
Love is the best thing in the world, and the thing that lives the longest.
It is with rivers as it is with people: the greatest are not always the most agreeable nor the best to live with.
Your performance depends on your people. Select the best, train them and back them. When errors occur, give sharper guidance. If errors persist or if the fit feels wrong, help them move on. The country cannot afford amateur hour in the White House.
The human species, according to the best theory I can form of it, is composed of two distinct races, the men who borrow and the men who lend.
I won't accept anything less than the best a player's capable of doing... and he has the right to expect the best that I can do for him and the team!
America is the best half-educated country in the world.
Scouting rises within you and inspires you to put forth your best.
But curb thou the high spirit in thy breast, for gentle ways are best, and keep aloof from sharp contentions.
The best way to lose a job is just not to care. When you do not care, it shows in everything you do.
Coldplay fans are the best in the world. If you like Coldplay then you're obviously very intelligent and good looking and all-around brilliant.
The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison.
By all these lovely tokens September days are here, With summer's best of weather And autumn's best of cheer.
One of the best things to come out of the home computer revolution could be the general and widespread understanding of how severely limited logic really is.
I've analyzed the best I can... and I have not found an impeachable offense, and therefore resignation is not an acceptable course.
The best thing I've learned is, if you're going out, never go out alone - you leave yourself vulnerable. If you've got someone else there you trust, they can say, be wary of that person. I probably used to be too trusting of people.
The Left Elite only pretend to be concerned about what's best for everyone else because it is the most effective way to manipulate you and your children into their abyss.
To not be modest about it, you'll find that with only a couple of exceptions, most of the musicians that I've worked with have done their best work by far with me.
While I relish our warm months, winter forms our character and brings out our best.
Old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.
Sometimes the best lighting of all is a power failure.
Baseball is almost the only orderly thing in a very unorderly world. If you get three strikes, even the best lawyer in the world can't get you off.
Music's always been really cathartic. It's the best drug for me to get away from the everyday pressures just for a second via a good song.
Every piece of entertainment is made with the idea that 'This is going to be terrific' and 'This is the best thing I've ever done' and then it hits the public and then the public tells you whether it's good or bad.
I think that the best training a top manager can be engaged in is management by example.
People drain me, even the closest of friends, and I find loneliness to be the best state in the union to live in.
It's my firm conviction that when Uncle Sam calls, by God we go, and we do the best that we can.
I consider my ability to arouse enthusiasm among men the greatest asset I possess. The way to develop the best that is in a man is by appreciation and encouragement.
The splinter in your eye is the best magnifying-glass.
Nobody until very recently would have thought that their husband was supposed to be their best friend, confidante, intellectual soul mate, co-parent, inspiration.
Central banks don't have divine wisdom. They try to do the best analysis they can and must be prepared to stand or fall by the quality of that analysis.
North Americans as a whole need to embrace having clothes altered to their body. I hear it all the time: why do the Europeans always look so good? They have a relationship with their tailor and spend the time and money to make their clothes look their best.
My good friends are Mormon, some of the best people I know.
Mr. Janet Reno? I think Mr. Janet Reno... I think he's one of the best hunting dogs in the world.
The best way to win against the intolerable is to tolerate them, for this they have seldom dealt with. Your indulgence may soften their malice and open their eyes to more honorable ways.
Let me be the first to tell you, drinking alcohol is the worst thing to do in cold weather. Hot soup is the best because the process of digesting food helps to warm you up.
No matter how good you are at planning, the pressure never goes away. So I don't fight it. I feed off it. I turn pressure into motivation to do my best.
I know I'm not the best. I'm not the best singer, I'm not the best songwriter, I'm not the best player.
Townes van Zandt is the best songwriter in the whole world and I'll stand on Bob Dylan's coffee table in my cowboy boots and say that.
Go right straight down the road, to do what is best, and to do it frankly and without evasion.
I've been all over the world. I love New York, I love Paris, San Francisco, so many places. But there's no place like New Orleans. It's got the best food. It's got the best music. It's got the best people. It's got the most fun stuff to do.
We all have a social mask, right? We put it on, we go out, put our best foot forward, our best image. But behind that social mask is a personal truth, what we really, really believe about who we are and what we're capable of.
A lot of folks believe their best years are behind them. But I want Americans to recognize that's not true.
And I believe that the best learning process of any kind of craft is just to look at the work of others.
I have a terrific marriage, but unlike a lot of relationships where they ebb and flow, no matter what happens you fall deeper and deeper in love every day. It's kind of the best thing that can happen to you. It's thrilling.
I have very high expectations of myself. I'm a very competitive person but competitive with myself. I want to be the best that I can be and if that means that I'm eventually better than everyone else then so be it.
Mediocre men work at their best men seeking excellence strive to do better.
You owe it to yourself to be the best person possible. Because if you are, others will want to be with you, want to provide you with the things you want in exchange for what you're giving to them.
I look my best when I take my helmet off after a long motorcycle ride. I have a glow and a bit of helmet hair.
Each one of us requires the spur of insecurity to force us to do our best.
I live with some of my best friends from high school, very commune-like, in my house. It's my hippie way of life.
Parents have become so convinced that educators know what is best for their children that they forget that they themselves are really the experts.
If I am a cup maker, I'm interested in making the best cup I possibly can. My effort goes into that cup, not what people think about it.
Contrary to general belief, I do not believe that friends are necessarily the people you like best, they are merely the people who got there first.
Right actions in the future are the best apologies for bad actions in the past.
I felt that it's best just to be as transparent as possible.
I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance.
I wouldn't say I was the best manager in the business. But I was in the top one.
One must not make oneself cheap here - that is a cardinal point - or else one is done. Whoever is most impertinent has the best chance.
I don't know the first real thing about the dating game. I don't know how to talk to a specific person and connect. I just think you have to go to person by person and do the best you can with people in general.
The U.S. Armed Forces are the best trained, best equipped fighting forces in the world.
The best book, like the best speech, will do it all - make us laugh, think, cry and cheer - preferably in that order.
All I try to do is create an atmosphere that seems comfortable enough, that it removes tension and everyone feels free. If they feel free then behaviour happens, small moments happen and that's what ultimately works the best for me.
Activist government overreach and ongoing economic stagnation have shown us why Washington should not try to displace what is best left to civil society.
Being fired was the best luck of my life. It made me stop and reflect. It was the birth of my life as a writer.
Next to being witty, the best thing is being able to quote another's wit.
The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.
I have reached a place in my life where I need to sit down and say, 'Well, what do I do? What's best for me?' I need to look into options for the future.
All of Koons's best art - the encased vacuum cleaners, the stainless-steel Rabbit (the late-twentieth century's signature work of Simulationist sculpture), the amazing gleaming Balloon Dog, and the cast-iron re-creation of a Civil War mortar exhibited last month at the Armory - has simultaneously flaunted extreme realism, idealism, and fantasy.
The last time money left the art world, intrepid types maxed out their credit cards and opened galleries, and a few of them have become the best in the world.
I stood up as best I could to their disgusting stupidity and brutality, but I did not, of course, manage to beat them at their own game. It was a fight to the bitter end, one in which I was not defending ideals or beliefs but simply my own self.
Those who love him love that he sells the most art they take it as a point of faith that this proves Kinkade is the best. But his fans don't only rely on this supply-and-demand justification. They go back to values.
My nominee for Best Picture of the year - maybe the best picture ever, because it's essentially made up of and is an ecstatic love letter to all other movies - is Christian Marclay's endlessly enticing must-see masterpiece 'The Clock.'
Jeffrey Deitch is the Jeff Koons of art dealers. Not because he's the biggest, best, or the richest of his kind. But because in some ways he's the weirdest (which is saying a lot when you're talking about the wonderful, wicked, lovable, and annoying creatures known as art dealers).
I have lost my seven best friends, which is to say God has had mercy on me seven times without realizing it. He lent a friendship, took it from me, sent me another.
The best audience is intelligent, well-educated and a little drunk.
The best music is essentially there to provide you something to face the world with.
The man who has done his best has done everything.
My best birth control now is just to leave the lights on.
Some women feel the best cure for a broken heart is a new beau.
Happiness and virtue rest upon each other the best are not only the happiest, but the happiest are usually the best.
I've been gone for a long time. I really want to give the fans something that they deserve to have. So, I'm working really hard on this. I really want to make it the best work I've done so far.
That they may have a little peace, even the best dogs are compelled to snarl occasionally.
The best sermon is preached by the minister who has a sermon to preach and not by the man who has to preach a sermon.
The prizes go to those who meet emergencies successfully. And the way to meet emergencies is to do each daily task the best we can.
Old friends are best.
No matter what you study, the thing that you know best is what you grew up with.
Your experiences will be yours alone. But truth and best friendship will rarely if ever disappoint you.
The best thing about acting is that I get to lose myself in another character and actually get paid for it... It's a great outlet. I'm not really sure who I am - it seems I change every day.
The things we remember best are those better forgotten.
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.
I'm so in control of my life, you shouldn't dislike anything I do-because I'm not only in the best place I've ever been, but it keeps getting better and better.
The best films of any kind, narrative or documentary, provoke questions.
We Americans are the best informed people on earth as to the events of the last twenty-four hours we are the not the best informed as the events of the last sixty centuries.
Poverty is uncomfortable but nine times out of ten the best thing that can happen to a young man is to be tossed overboard and compelled to sink or swim.
To be free from evil thoughts is God's best gift.
At some point, I would like to write a book and other things, but I work best when there is some sort of deadline in my own mind, but not when fifty people or fifty million people are breathing down the back of my neck.
A multitude of bees can tell the time of day, calculate the geometry of the sun's position, argue about the best location for the next swarm. Bees do a lot of close observing of other bees maybe they know what follows stinging and do it anyway.
The government's view is that the best time to announce bad news, news that it doesn't want the public to dwell on is late on a Friday, when it will wind up in the Saturday papers, which if you were readers, then the week day editions. A holiday weekend is even better.
The best writing is not about the writer, the best writing is absolutely not about the writer, it's about us, it's about the reader.
He who laughs most, learns best.
My philosophy is not a bean-counting, accounting 'look at this.' It is a philosophy that smaller government is better government, and government that is closer to the people is best of all.
I believe we need to attract a new generation of the best and brightest to public service and I believe that government can be a source of inspiration, not degradation.
If a man is dumb, someone is going to get the best of him, so why not you? If you don't, you're as dumb as he is.
Rest assured that whatever station of life we are placed, princely or lowly, it contains the lessons and experiences necessary at the moment for our evolution, and gives us the best advantage for the development of ourselves.
The abduction of a child is a tragedy. No one can fully understand or appreciate what a parent goes through at such a time, unless they have faced a similar tragedy. Every parent responds differently. Each parent copes with this nightmare in the best way he or she knows how.
The corruption of the best things gives rise to the worst.
Education alone can conduct us to that enjoyment which is, at once, best in quality and infinite in quantity.
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to remember it once.
If it's flipping hamburgers at McDonald's, be the best hamburger flipper in the world. Whatever it is you do you have to master your craft.
I think guitar is the best thing in the world.
Creative ideas flourish best in a shop which preserves some spirit of fun. Nobody is in business for fun, but that does not mean there cannot be fun in business.
The work ahead will be hard. These times demand the best of us - all of us, but we can do this. Together, we can do this. We can get this country working again. We can get this economy growing again. We can make the safety net safe again. We can do this.
You must capture and keep the heart of the original and supremely able man before his brain can do its best.
Blessed are they who have the gift of making friends, for it is one of God's best gifts. It involves many things, but above all, the power of going out of one's self, and appreciating whatever is noble and loving in another.
It's human nature to gripe, but I'm going ahead and doing the best I can.
The splendid discontent of God With chaos made the world. And from the discontent of man The worlds best progress springs.
As soon as someone tells me: 'You're rather sexy,' I wish I could disappear. If somebody says: 'You were voted the world's sexiest man,' I have no idea what that means. How do I respond? 'Thank you' is the best you can do. George Clooney is the world's sexiest man, anyway.
Get the best people and train them well.
Be assured those will be thy worst enemies, not to whom thou hast done evil, but who have done evil to thee. And those will be thy best friends, not to whom thou hast done good, but who have done good to thee.
When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem.
Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly. Taste the relish to be found in competition - in having put forth the best within you.
If you play it straight it's funny - the best comedy is always played straight down the middle. The adjustment is understanding from the screenplay that a moment is hilarious.
Those who know the least obey the best.
That's your best friend and your worst enemy - your own brain.
When I am traveling in a carriage, or walking after a good meal, or during the night when I cannot sleep it is on such occasions that ideas flow best and most abundantly.
I do some of my best thinking while pulling weeds.
If your sister is in a tearing hurry to go out and cannot catch your eye, she's wearing your best sweater.
Poetry is the record of the best and happiest moments of the happiest and best minds.
I think the best thing for you to do is just live your life. Live a life that's worth living, one where you do what you want to do, pursue your passions. That way, if you meet someone, they'll be joining a life that's already really good.
It's easy to get wrapped up in sharing everyday life with a partner. It's fun to get lost in love and romance. It's the best. But holding on to yourself while doing that is the most important thing.
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
I think my best work is when I'm kind of in charge.
I think the best place to work in football is England.
My siblings are my best friends.
Grow old with me! The best is yet to be.
Progress however, of the best kind, is comparatively slow. Great results cannot be achieved at once and we must be satisfied to advance in life as we walk, step by step.
The best time to make friends is before you need them.
When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace.
Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them.
If you want to be the best, you have to do things that other people aren't willing to do.
A visitor from Mars could easily pick out the civilized nations. They have the best implements of war.
I will give you the best I have.
I just try to do the best job I possibly can - put the blinders on, go to work and be the best you can possibly be. Once you have done everything that you possibly can - you've put forth your greatest effort - then I can live with whatever's next.
The best director is the one you don't see.
Every job is good if you do your best and work hard. A man who works hard stinks only to the ones that have nothing to do but smell.
There is small risk a general will be regarded with contempt by those he leads, if, whatever he may have to preach, he shows himself best able to perform.
Letting your mind play is the best way to solve problems.
I have the best husband in the world. He's very involved.
It is often said that second thoughts are best. So they are in matters of judgment but not in matters of conscience.
I think if you give your best as a parent, then that's all you can do.
He is the best man who, when making his plans, fears and reflects on everything that can happen to him, but in the moment of action is bold.
Going online and asking questions is the best way to learn.
I have to live with both my selves as best I may.
There are times when even the best manager is like the little boy with the big dog, waiting to see where the dog wants to go so he can take him there.
I put on the best live show, the absolute best live show I can possibly can.
Some of my best friends are Venture Capitalists, but let's face it, a hamster with Alzheimer's could make those kind of numbers. It's great work if you can get it.
I don't have the best body in the world, but I know for a fact that I have a really good voice.
Most of those who make collections of verse or epigram are like men eating cherries or oysters: they choose out the best at first, and end by eating all.
Work is like the rest of life. The best parts are free.
I'm married to my best friend!
Italians know about human nature - they understand human nature perhaps better than anyone else does. They know that people are weak and greedy and lazy and dishonest and they just try to make the best of it to work around it.
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.
Yeah, I try to be the best example I can be for young girls just as far as my person goes - just to uphold a good image.
Life is best when you are in love.
I think that Phil Kaufman is one of the best directors that I have come across.
Home is the place we love best and grumble the most.
My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me.
A huge part of acting in movies is appetite. You do your best work when you've got a lot of appetite and you really want to embrace something. When you get tired, you don't have that hunger.
Man's wisdom is his best friend folly his worst enemy.
The cat could very well be man's best friend but would never stoop to admitting it.
The will to work of everyone in the country is the best guarantee of national survival.
You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for independence.
Disney has the best casting. If he doesn't like an actor he just tears him up.
I already gave my best. I have no regrets at all.
One of my favorite activities as a teen-ager was to watch television over the phone with my best friend.
Testing oneself is best when done alone.
I don't think there's anybody in America who thinks my personality is best suited to being Number Two.
The heart of the jealous knows the best and most satisfying love, that of the other's bed, where the rival perfects the lover's imperfections.
I don't want to tell President Obama how to make a speech. He's a much better speech maker than I am. But I think always to tell the truth in a sometimes blatant way, even though it might be temporarily unpopular, is the best approach.
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.
Patriotism is best exemplified through auto-critique. When you're willing to stand up within the group and say, 'It is wrong for Black people to be anti-Semitic,' or 'It is wrong for America to discriminate against persons of African descent and made them slaves and based its wealth upon free labor,' it's crucial to say that.
Example is the best precept.
I was in the bath at the time, and my dad came running in and said, 'Guess who they want to play Harry Potter!?' and I started to cry. It was probably the best moment of my life.
For me, the best times are always going to be the most intense, the ones with the highest highs and the lowest lows.
The best thing you can do is find a person who loves you for exactly what you are.
I was just doing my job in the ring and doing my best to make people happy.
The best form of government is that which is most likely to prevent the greatest sum of evil.
Do the best that you can in the place where you are, and be kind.
If being an attractive woman got you attention for directing, then the entire 'best director' category would be comprised of models. To me, that is just the most ludicrous connection that you could make.
I wanna change the game in way where I'm not knocking nobody out of the way, not claiming to be the best at this or that, but just doing wonders with the gift I've been given.
I don't think I ever got the hang of the writers' room. I love collaborating with people, but I really do my best work alone, and I think I would want to - if I did something again, I think I'd want to take total ownership the way Aaron Sorkin or David Kelley does.
The best way to begin genuine bipartisanship to make America stronger is to work together on the real crises facing our country, not to manufacture an artificial crisis to serve a special interest agenda out of touch with the needs of Americans.
The best way to deal with that is to live in a fully conscious, compassionate, loving way. Don't wait until you're on your deathbed to recognize that this is the only way to live.
The best player I ever played with was Dennis Johnson.
I get a lot of the ideas when I'm resting - either when I'm meditating or getting some kind of work done on my back, like physical therapy or acupuncture. That's where I get my best ideas, maybe because I'm balancing my body.
One of the best parts of growing older? You can flirt all you like since you've become harmless.
Once you are labeled 'the best' you want to stay up there, and you can't do it by loafing around.
I'm either going to go completely mental, completely bankrupt, or have the best success of my life.
One of the best things for a woman to hear is that she is sexy.
Recruitment and retention are critical to sustain our Armed Forces with the best men and women willing to stand in the gap and make huge sacrifices to ensure our freedom.
What I love best in life is new starts.
I've found the best way is to not be scared of the attention but to be grateful for it and open to it. It makes my days better rather than being annoyed that people want my attention.
Democracy functions best when we have an active citizenry.
God gave us the gift of life it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity.
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.
Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new.
All the world is birthday cake, so take a piece, but not too much.
Thirty was so strange for me. I've really had to come to terms with the fact that I am now a walking and talking adult.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?
I remember when the candle shop burned down. Everyone stood around singing 'Happy Birthday.'
Presents don't really mean much to me. I don't want to sound mawkish, but - it was the realization that I have a great many people in my life who really love me, and who I really love.
You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.'
A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer.
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier... I put them in the same room and let them fight it out.
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
A friend never defends a husband who gets his wife an electric skillet for her birthday.
I wanted to buy a candle holder, but the store didn't have one. So I got a cake.
The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday.
It is lovely, when I forget all birthdays, including my own, to find that somebody remembers me.
There are three hundred and sixty-four days when you might get un-birthday presents, and only one for birthday presents, you know.
The only thing better than singing is more singing.
It was on my fifth birthday that Papa put his hand on my shoulder and said, 'Remember, my son, if you ever need a helping hand, you'll find one at the end of your arm.'
To me - old age is always ten years older than I am.
Let us celebrate the occasion with wine and sweet words.
About astrology and palmistry: they are good because they make people vivid and full of possibilities. They are communism at its best. Everybody has a birthday and almost everybody has a palm.
We have to be able to grow up. Our wrinkles are our medals of the passage of life. They are what we have been through and who we want to be.
The return of my birthday, if I remember it, fills me with thoughts which it seems to be the general care of humanity to escape.
If you look over the years, the styles have changed - the clothes, the hair, the production, the approach to the songs. The icing to the cake has changed flavors. But if you really look at the cake itself, it's really the same.
A gift, with a kind countenance, is a double present.
Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time.
There is still no cure for the common birthday.
I'm not materialistic. I believe in presents from the heart, like a drawing that a child does.
Let them eat cake.
Handmade presents are scary because they reveal that you have too much free time.
New Year's Day is every man's birthday.
Most of us can remember a time when a birthday - especially if it was one's own - brightened the world as if a second sun has risen.
Your children need your presence more than your presents.
Being seventy is not a sin.
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to remember it once.
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm.
I hate birthdays.
Love the giver more than the gift.
When someone asks if you'd like cake or pie, why not say you want cake and pie?
The main prank that we play with props is for people's birthdays. The special effects people will put a little explosive in the cake so it blows up in their face - that's always fun to play on a guest star, or one of the trainees or someone who's new.
We'll take the cake with the red cherry on top.
I binge when I'm happy. When everything is going really well, every day is like I'm at a birthday party.
Only then, approaching my fortieth birthday, I made philosophy my life's work.
My mother asked me what I wanted for my birthday, so I said I wanted to read poetry with her.
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
I do like to shock and surprise people. When it's all in good fun, of course.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
I wrapped my Christmas presents early this year, but I used the wrong paper. See, the paper I used said 'Happy Birthday' on it. I didn't want to waste it so I just wrote 'Jesus' on it.
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same.
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
With my wife I don't get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to 'the best woman a man ever had.' The waiter joined me.
You know, maybe I was just born in the wrong time, but I love all things romantic. Puffy understands that. For my last birthday, he covered my hotel room floor with rose petals and had flowers and candles all over the room.
I'm most comfortable in my birthday suit.
It's odd the things that people remember. Parents will arrange a birthday party, certain it will stick in your mind forever. You'll have a nice time, then two years later you'll be like, 'There was a pony there? Really? And a clown with one leg?'
Some people won't go the extra mile, and then on their birthday, when no one makes a fuss, they feel neglected and bitter.
You always get a special kick on opening day, no matter how many you go through. You look forward to it like a birthday party when you're a kid. You think something wonderful is going to happen.
I gave a funny speech at my wife's birthday party, and I'm thinking, 'Hey, I've still got it.'
My ace in the hole as a human being used to be my capacity for remembering birthdays. I worked at it. Whenever I made a new friend, I made a point of finding out his or her birthday early on, and I would record it in my Filofax calendar.
I want a chainsaw very badly, because I think cutting down a tree would be unbelievably satisfying. I have asked for a chainsaw for my birthday, but I think I'll probably be given jewelry instead.
Every day, every birthday candle I blow out, every penny I throw over my shoulder in a wishing well, every time my daughter says, 'Let's make a wish on a star,' there's one thing I wish for: wisdom.
The worst part about celebrating another birthday is the shock that you're only as well as you are.
I like to go to anybody else's birthday, and if I'm invited I'm a good guest. But I never celebrate my birthdays. I really don't care.
When I was a kid, for my birthday every year, my mother made me pasta bechamel, which is rigatoni with a white cream sauce.
Anybody can have a birthday. It requires nothing. Murderers have birthdays. It's the opposite of anything that I believe in. And I don't like at work where you stop everything to sing 'Happy Birthday' to someone. I feel like that's for children.
My best kiss was on stage. Kelly Rowland from Destiny's Child gave me a really nice soft kiss on my lips during a performance on my birthday. It was amazing.
I tried to bake a cake for my mother's birthday - it took me four hours. It was terrible, and I cried for three days.
My happiest memory of childhood was my first birthday in reform school. This teacher took an interest in me. In fact, he gave me the first birthday presents I ever got: a box of Cracker Jacks and a can of ABC shoe polish.
If we celebrate Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday at a time of presidential inaugurals, this is thanks to Ronald Reagan who created the holiday, and not to the Democratic Congress of the Carter years, which rejected it.
Interventions are really emotionally exhausting and I would never ever want to have one. In the same way, I would never want to have a surprise birthday party. That would be horrible.
It is ironic that the one thing that all religions recognize as separating us from our creator, our very self-consciousness, is also the one thing that divides us from our fellow creatures. It was a bitter birthday present from evolution.
I tend to foster drama via bleakness. If I want the reader to feel sympathy for a character, I cleave the character in half, on his birthday. And then it starts raining. And he's made of sugar.
I'm a summer baby, so I usually have my birthday as a good summer memory.
The Queen of Crafts herself, Martha Stewart, and I have the same birthday. I prefer to think it's the glue-gun wielding, perfect-tart-producing Martha and not the copper pan-throwing, jail-going Martha. But I suppose if I am going to share a calendar square with some of Martha, I have to share it with all of Martha.
I've got some incredible fans actually - so loyal and they make me birthday cards and Christmas cards. I got this package of poems and artwork based around the songs. They've got this thing called 'Floetry' where they all have to put in artwork. They've set up their own competitions and stuff which is kind of amazing.
I have had fans make me the big picture collages of the photo books I have had fans send me birthday cakes... sing to me on my voicemail. I have had fans flash me. I have had older fans give me their bras and underwear onstage.
I hate birthdays. I hate birthday parties. I hate them. I don't know what it is, anybody's only got to come wafting near me with a piece of cake with a candle on and I break out in hives.
I saw Richard Linklater's film 'Slacker' for my twenty-first birthday. That was the moment when it all seemed possible. This guy gave me hope.
The reason I met my husband was because I remembered a friend's birthday. The moral of the story is: Remember people's birthdays.
You know, we'd just had a birthday, he was... you know, he still had a future out of him, and all I can is he was just one of the most beautiful people in the world... a very gifted man, and it's a loss to the world, not just for us.
For the youth, the indignation of most things will just surge as each birthday passes.
I've never looked forward to a birthday like I'm looking forward to my new daughter's birthday, because two days after that is when I can apply for reinstatement.
I play PC and Xbox games at home, and I just got a PSP as a birthday present.
We didn't have a whole lot of money when I was growing up either. I would always ask for magic books or magic tricks for my birthday or for Christmas and the rest of the year I either had to mow lawns or find part time jobs to help supplement the cost of doing magic.
With my daughter, we do arts and crafts, we read a lot, we listen to music, and we cut the strings off balloons and bounce them around after birthday parties.
I get uncomfortable when people give me presents and watch me open them. I don't have birthday parties, because the idea of a group of people singing and looking at me while I'm blowing out candles gives me hives.
My mom won't let me buy high-fashion stuff unless it's TK Maxx or a birthday occasion.
My mom and my father's birthday are on the same day.
I'm trying to get the record that I made at my birthday party last year, trying to get that out, and the lawyers are diddling around with it and it probably won't be out until next year. I don't know.
I was quite a shy child. I would get terribly nervous and throw up before my birthday party. And then I would be fine. I feel the same now. I get nervous, then it's fine.
On my birthday, I was in Milan for the collections.
I always wanted to shave. It is a very natural process. For my birthday I got a lot of shaving stuff.
I told my father I wanted to play the banjo, and so he saved the money and got ready to give me a banjo for my next birthday, and between that time and my birthday, I lost interest in the banjo and was playing guitar.
I love photography. My boyfriend's got a great camera, which I bought for his birthday.
My son had his eighth birthday recently and we had a chance to borrow the film and show it to all of his friends that was at his birthday party and they loved it. I was a little nervous. I said they might not even like it, and say his daddy's movie is wack, but they loved it.
For my birthday my husband learned to cook and is cooking one day a week for me. But he only likes to do fancy dishes. So we end up with weird, obscure things in the refrigerator.
And for the city's birthday, we will host events in every neighborhood of the city, inviting all of our residents to share in the celebration of Boston's great epic - the story of neighbors who support one another where it matters most.
I hate birthdays. I thought that I only hated my own birthday, and then I realized that I hate my children's birthdays too.
Any time women come together with a collective intention, it's a powerful thing. Whether it's sitting down making a quilt, in a kitchen preparing a meal, in a club reading the same book, or around the table playing cards, or planning a birthday party, when women come together with a collective intention, magic happens.
Well, I started conducting kind of by accident. I wanted to give myself a special birthday present for my fortieth birthday, and I was living in San Francisco at the time and I started attending some of the concerts and then simply dropping hints.
My mom FedExes a red velvet cake she makes from scratch to me every birthday.
Nicole will come up in conversations where it's in a part of the conversation. Or we may be somewhere and I would tell some story about their mother and I. You know, we always honor her birthday.
I went to a rare live Van Dyke show and met him there. And then he came to a show of mine and we spoke back stage. The third time was at Brian Wilson's birthday party.
Mattresses! Beautiful! Let's go buy a couple of mattresses. Give 'em to people for their birthday.
My parents were dishonest people. If it was my birthday, I knew my mother took me to the K-Mart and she stole my toy. She'd put it in the shopping cart and we'd walk out. I was raised with that.
We were probably the last people in the country to get a VCR and we didn't have cable. There wasn't any admiration of glamour, no, 'I want to look like them or have that lifestyle', because everyone in my town had the same lifestyle. So I didn't think, 'Ooh, a movie star's birthday!' I just thought, 'What?'
I've looked after my money. As I started working around my third birthday, my first check went straight to the bank.
I had arranged a birthday party for him and my children, who are all Aquarians. Instead, we got married. I ran out of excuses. It was just us and my children.
I wasn't very good about juggling family and my career. I was interested in who was coming to the children's birthday party, what my son was writing. I was thinking about Legos.
All I watch is the Food Network. I took a cheesemaking class a few weeks ago, and I told my family and friends to only get me kitchen stuff on my birthday. I'm into every kind of cookbook and anything by Anthony Bourdain. I'd love to own a restaurant if I could find the right chef.
I love having my birthday at Australia Zoo.
If there's one thing I really want for my birthday, that is for the mining company not to mine my daddy's reserve.
The American flag is an enduring symbol of liberty, democracy, and justice. It is fitting that the House act to protect it as we approach our nation's birthday, and as our men and women in uniform rally behind it in Iraq's battlefields.
Even when I was a kid, I had a good thing with kids. To this day, if I go to a birthday party with one of my kids, I swear to you, I am so much happier hanging out with my kids and their friends than talking to the grown-ups.
At her birthday, my seven-year-old daughter will say that she wants these big cakes and certain expensive toys as presents, and I can't say no to her. It would just break my heart. But when I was little, for birthdays we just played outside and we were happy if we got any cake.
For my birthday this year, my girlfriends - who knew I'd just inherited my dad's turntable - gave me a carton of albums like 'Blue Kentucky Girl,' by Emmylou Harris, and 'Off the Wall,' by Michael Jackson. It's all stuff we grew up with. I mean, you can't have a music collection without Prince's 'Purple Rain' - it just can't be done!
On a royal birthday every house must fly a flag, or the owner would be dragged to a police station and be fined twenty-five rubles.
I was fired by 'America's Next Top Model' on my birthday.
I am a big popcorn fanatic. I love popcorn. In fact one year for my birthday, my husband bought me one of those big popcorn machines like they have in movie theaters.
With a recent birthday, I've been acting now for twenty years.
Lucy took care of me on the set, and made sure that none of the crew cussed around me. She also had birthday parties for me and made sure that they were well attended.
Brilliantly lit from stem to stern, she looked like a sagging birthday cake.
I used to go down every year for the remembrance of Elvis' birthday. Memphis State College invited me to sit in the auditorium and speak to the people for one of those Elvis days.
And I was very shy as a kid if you sang me 'Happy Birthday,' I would cry. Quite shy. So the idea of being an actor, much less a model, was just out of this world.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
If there is anything that a man can do well, I say let him do it. Give him a chance.
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
The superior man understands what is right the inferior man understands what will sell.
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
I am certainly not one of those who need to be prodded. In fact, if anything, I am the prod.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something.
All lasting business is built on friendship.
I want to put a ding in the universe.
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.
Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
I think that there is nothing, not even crime, more opposed to poetry, to philosophy, ay, to life itself than this incessant business.
If all the economists were laid end to end, they'd never reach a conclusion.
Business is never so healthy as when, like a chicken, it must do a certain amount of scratching around for what it gets.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
A cardinal principle of Total Quality escapes too many managers: you cannot continuously improve interdependent systems and processes until you progressively perfect interdependent, interpersonal relationships.
The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed.
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's.
Corporation: An ingenious device for obtaining profit without individual responsibility.
Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality.
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts.
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.
If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been.
Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
If you can build a business up big enough, it's respectable.
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.
Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done.
Business, more than any other occupation, is a continual dealing with the future it is a continual calculation, an instinctive exercise in foresight.
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
Our favorite holding period is forever.
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time!
Blessed is he who has found his work let him ask no other blessedness.
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.
Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people.
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first the cash will come later.
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream, the urge to make dreams come true and the tendency to miss lunch.
Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon.
As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth.
The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green.
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Economic depression cannot be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement. Economic wounds must be healed by the action of the cells of the economic body - the producers and consumers themselves.
Do more than is required. What is the distance between someone who achieves their goals consistently and those who spend their lives and careers merely following? The extra mile.
Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them.
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.
It takes more than capital to swing business. You've got to have the A. I. D. degree to get by - Advertising, Initiative, and Dynamics.
Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible.
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.
Business is a combination of war and sport.
In modern business it is not the crook who is to be feared most, it is the honest man who doesn't know what he is doing.
Start with good people, lay out the rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things effectively, you can't miss.
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant.
Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.
We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects.
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business.
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority.
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while.
I was told to avoid the business all together because of the rejection. People would say to me, 'Don't you want to have a normal job and a normal family?' I guess that would be good advice for some people, but I wanted to act.
Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken house as to build a cathedral.
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
Ask five economists and you'll get five different answers - six if one went to Harvard.
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
Informed decision-making comes from a long tradition of guessing and then blaming others for inadequate results.
A company is only as good as the people it keeps.
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
I'm not a driven businessman, but a driven artist. I never think about money. Beautiful things make money.
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such. All leaders whose fitness is questioned are clearly lacking in force.
Nothing so conclusively proves a man's ability to lead others as what he does from day to day to lead himself.
Carpe per diem - seize the check.
I buy when other people are selling.
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his.
My son is now an 'entrepreneur.' That's what you're called when you don't have a job.
The fastest way to succeed is to look as if you're playing by somebody else's rules, while quietly playing by your own.
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a situation which common sense, without the grace of genius, can deal with successfully.
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.
When in doubt, mumble when in trouble, delegate when in charge, ponder.
There are two kinds of companies, those that work to try to charge more and those that work to charge less. We will be the second.
Remind people that profit is the difference between revenue and expense. This makes you look smart.
If you aren't playing well, the game isn't as much fun. When that happens I tell myself just to go out and play as I did when I was a kid.
I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent comes naturally to me.
The best measure of a man's honesty isn't his income tax return. It's the zero adjust on his bathroom scale.
More business is lost every year through neglect than through any other cause.
The consumer isn't a moron she is your wife.
I've never felt like I was in the cookie business. I've always been in a feel good feeling business. My job is to sell joy. My job is to sell happiness. My job is to sell an experience.
The leader who exercises power with honor will work from the inside out, starting with himself.
I get to play golf for a living. What more can you ask for - getting paid for doing what you love.
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines.
The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks.
Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures.
I don't think meals have any business being deductible. I'm for separation of calories and corporations.
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men the conviction and the will to carry on.
Punctuality is one of the cardinal business virtues: always insist on it in your subordinates.
Don't simply retire from something have something to retire to.
When did it become a problem to be a small businessman and become successful? The small businessman - like my father, or like me?
Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face. You'd be amazed how many companies don't listen to their customers.
One's mind has a way of making itself up in the background, and it suddenly becomes clear what one means to do.
Family farms and small businesses are the backbone of our communities.
Word of mouth is the best medium of all.
What we actually learn, from any given set of circumstances, determines whether we become increasingly powerless or more powerful.
Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader.
Like dogs in a wheel, birds in a cage, or squirrels in a chain, ambitious men still climb and climb, with great labor, and incessant anxiety, but never reach the top.
If the career you have chosen has some unexpected inconvenience, console yourself by reflecting that no career is without them.
So little done, so much to do.
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Government in the U.S. today is a senior partner in every business in the country.
Real riches are the riches possessed inside.
Business is in itself a power.
It's called a pen. It's like a printer, hooked straight to my brain.
You can't operate a company by fear, because the way to eliminate fear is to avoid criticism. And the way to avoid criticism is to do nothing.
Web users ultimately want to get at data quickly and easily. They don't care as much about attractive sites and pretty design.
I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill.
Do not trust people. They are capable of greatness.
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.
People will buy anything that is 'one to a customer.'
The herd instinct among forecasters makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
Look at growth, look at how much time people spend on the Net and look at the variety of things that they are doing. It's all really good, so I am actually encouraged by the fundamentals that underlie usage growth on the Net.
What we've gone through in the last several years has caused some people to question 'Can we trust Microsoft?'
We don't have a monopoly. We have market share. There's a difference.
Definition of a Statistician: A man who believes figures don't lie, but admits than under analysis some of them won't stand up either.
Business can be a source of progressive change.
Inside every working anarchy, there's an Old Boy Network.
If you have to forecast, forecast often.
Not for nothing is their motto TGIF - 'Thank God It's Friday.' They live for the weekends, when they can go do what they really want to do.
The work of the individual still remains the spark that moves mankind ahead even more than teamwork.
What's the subject of life - to get rich? All of those fellows out there getting rich could be dancing around the real subject of life.
Only a monopolist could study a business and ruin it by giving away products.
The incestuous relationship between government and big business thrives in the dark.
The great leaders are like the best conductors - they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.
Discourage litigation. Persuade your neighbors to compromise whenever you can. As a peacemaker the lawyer has superior opportunity of being a good man. There will still be business enough.
Government 'help' to business is just as disastrous as government persecution... the only way a government can be of service to national prosperity is by keeping its hands off.
If I were to try to read, much less answer, all the attacks made on me, this shop might as well be closed for any other business.
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.
Politics is not a game. It is an earnest business.
It is easy enough to be friendly to one's friends. But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion. The other is mere business.
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
Prophesy is a good line of business, but it is full of risks.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
I was at this casino minding my own business, and this guy came up to me and said, 'You're gonna have to move, you're blocking a fire exit.' As though if there was a fire, I wasn't gonna run. If you're flammible and have legs, you are never blocking a fire exit.
Politics is just like show business. You have a hell of an opening, coast for a while, and then have a hell of a close.
Those who govern, having much business on their hands, do not generally like to take the trouble of considering and carrying into execution new projects. The best public measures are therefore seldom adopted from previous wisdom, but forced by the occasion.
The TV business is uglier than most things. It is normally perceived as some kind of cruel and shallow money trench through the heart of the journalism industry, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free and good men die like dogs, for no good reason.
The first mistake in public business is the going into it.
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.
I must create a system or be enslaved by another mans I will not reason and compare: my business is to create.
It is clearly better that property should be private, but the use of it common and the special business of the legislator is to create in men this benevolent disposition.
If you spend your life competing with business men, what do you have? A bank account and ulcers!
Girls shouldn't worry about being the equal of men in the business world.
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment.
Justice means minding one's own business and not meddling with other men's concerns.
Ultimately, who you choose to be in a relationship with and what you do in your bedroom is your business.
The greatest ability in business is to get along with others and to influence their actions.
Dad almost died of a heart attack in the middle of making Apocalypse Now, the biggest movie of his life. It doesn't make you want to jump into that business.
Only he is successful in his business who makes that pursuit which affords him the highest pleasure sustain him.
When you're young, you look at television and think, there's a conspiracy. The networks have conspired to dumb us down. But when you get a little older, you realize that's not true. The networks are in business to give people exactly what they want.
Modern poets talk against business, poor things, but all of us write for money. Beginners are subjected to trial by market.
There's nobody in the business strong enough to scare me.
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don't think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other.
The things most people want to know about are usually none of their business.
Art is the beautiful way of doing things. Science is the effective way of doing things. Business is the economic way of doing things.
Statistics suggest that when customers complain, business owners and managers ought to get excited about it. The complaining customer represents a huge opportunity for more business.
If people in the media cannot decide whether they are in the business of reporting news or manufacturing propaganda, it is all the more important that the public understand that difference, and choose their news sources accordingly.
I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time.
I worked hard all my life as far as this music business. I dreamed of the day when I could go to New York and feel comfortable and they could come out here and be comfortable.
Raising children is an incredibly hard and risky business in which no cumulative wisdom is gained: each generation repeats the mistakes the previous one made.
Let your Discourse with Men of Business be Short and Comprehensive.
In the US, there is basically one party - the business party. It has two factions, called Democrats and Republicans, which are somewhat different but carry out variations on the same policies. By and large, I am opposed to those policies. As is most of the population.
Editor: a person employed by a newspaper, whose business it is to separate the wheat from the chaff, and to see that the chaff is printed.
My recipe for dealing with anger and frustration: set the kitchen timer for twenty minutes, cry, rant, and rave, and at the sound of the bell, simmer down and go about business as usual.
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
But Apple really beats to a different drummer. I used to say that Apple should be the Sony of this business, but in reality, I think Apple should be the Apple of this business.
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large.
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
I have never once regretted missing a business opportunity so that I could be with my children and grandchildren.
Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!
If you were successful, somebody along the line gave you some help... Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in roads and bridges. If you've got a business - you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen.
We don't seem to be able to check crime, so why not legalize it and then tax it out of business?
Thanks to my mother, not a single cardboard box has found its way back into society. We receive gifts in boxes from stores that went out of business twenty years ago.
In this business, by the time you realize you're in trouble, it's too late to save yourself. Unless you're running scared all the time, you're gone.
I love producing. I am loving doing that. I think that is my most natural space in the business. I just love producing or editing and that's where I thrive.
Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.
Business and growing jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but always striving. It is about dreams. Usually, it doesn't work out exactly as you might have imagined. Steve Jobs was fired at Apple. He came back and changed the world.
A person who is too nice an observer of the business of the crowd, like one who is too curious in observing the labor of bees, will often be stung for his curiosity.
After you have exhausted what there is in business, politics, conviviality, and so on - have found that none of these finally satisfy, or permanently wear - what remains? Nature remains.
In almost every profession - whether it's law or journalism, finance or medicine or academia or running a small business - people rely on confidential communications to do their jobs. We count on the space of trust that confidentiality provides. When someone breaches that trust, we are all worse off for it.
It's none of their business that you have to learn how to write. Let them think you were born that way.
Few businessmen are capable of being in politics, they don't understand the democratic process, they have neither the tolerance or the depth it takes. Democracy isn't a business.
I do not believe a man can ever leave his business. He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night.
I love my family very much. I wish I could see them a little more often than I do. But we understand because we're a show business family and we all work.
Competition is the keen cutting edge of business, always shaving away at costs.
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.
Business is the salt of life.
I never called my work an 'art'. It's part of show business, the business of building entertainment.
You know, out-of-touch liberals like Barack Obama say they want a strong economy, but in everything they do, they show they don't like business very much. But the economy, of course, is simply the product of all the businesses of the nation added together. So it's a bit like saying you like an omelet, but you don't like eggs.
Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective.
Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.
In business or in life, don't follow the wagon tracks too closely.
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.
Perpetual devotion to what a man calls his business is only to be sustained by perpetual neglect of many other things.
Behind every small business, there's a story worth knowing. All the corner shops in our towns and cities, the restaurants, cleaners, gyms, hair salons, hardware stores - these didn't come out of nowhere.
Prosperous farmers mean more employment, more prosperity for the workers and the business men of every industrial area in the whole country.
Freedom. Freedom of religion. Freedom to speak their mind. Freedom to build a life. And yes, freedom to build a business. With their own hands. This is the essence of the American experience.
When a management with a reputation for brilliance tackles a business with a reputation for bad economics, it is the reputation of the business that remains intact.
You can close more business in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get people interested in you.
What men have called friendship is only a social arrangement, a mutual adjustment of interests, an interchange of services given and received it is, in sum, simply a business from which those involved propose to derive a steady profit for their own self-love.
I don't want to run around and look at a shot through a monitor. That doesn't improve what I'm trying to do. I figure, once I've done my job, it's none of my business.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them.
If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.
And fifth, we will champion small businesses, America's engine of job growth. That means reducing taxes on business, not raising them. It means simplifying and modernizing the regulations that hurt small business the most. And it means that we must rein in the skyrocketing cost of healthcare by repealing and replacing Obamacare.
I know what it's like to start a business. I know how extra ordinarily difficult it is to build something from nothing. I know how government kills jobs and, yes, I know how it can help from time- to-time.
Washington has to become an ally of business, not the opposition of business.
The business of the poet is not to find new emotions, but to use the ordinary ones and, in working them up into poetry, to express feelings which are not in actual emotions at all.
Nothing is so intolerable to man as being fully at rest, without a passion, without business, without entertainment, without care.
The purpose of a business is to create a customer.
Advertising is a racket, like the movies and the brokerage business. You cannot be honest without admitting that its constructive contribution to humanity is exactly minus zero.
After all, the chief business of the American people is business. They are profoundly concerned with producing, buying, selling, investing and prospering in the world.
Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business.
I have never yet seen any plan which has not been mended by the observations of those who were much inferior in understanding to the person who took the lead in the business.
My objection to Liberalism is this that it is the introduction into the practical business of life of the highest kind namely, politics of philosophical ideas instead of political principles.
All animals, except man, know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.
I also believe that government has no business telling us how we should live our lives. I think our lifestyle choices should be left up to us. What we do in our private lives is none of the government's business. That position rules out the Republican Party for me.
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.
Mental fight means thinking against the current, not with it. It is our business to puncture gas bags and discover the seeds of truth.
When from our better selves we have too long been parted by the hurrying world, and droop. Sick of its business, of its pleasures tired, how gracious, how benign is solitude.
Young people are fitter to invent than to judge fitter for execution than for counsel and more fit for new projects than for settled business.
Creative people don't behave very well generally. If you're looking for examples of good relationships in show business, you're gonna be depressed real fast. I don't have time for anything else right now but work and my daughter. She's my first priority.
But I believe in fair trade, and I will tell you, I have many, many friends heading up corporations, and people that do just business in China, they say it's virtually impossible. It's very, very hard to come into China. And yet, we welcome them with open arms.
If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that we'll have them tomorrow.
I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary. If it's somebody else's secretary, fine.
Most men are individuals no longer so far as their business, its activities, or its moralities are concerned. They are not units but fractions.
The first rule of business is: Do other men for they would do you.
The one great principle of English law is to make business for itself.
The average bright young man who is drafted hates the whole business because an army always tries to eliminate the individual differences in men.
To me, business isn't about wearing suits or pleasing stockholders. It's about being true to yourself, your ideas and focusing on the essentials.
American business has just forgotten the importance of selling.
Employers and business leaders need people who can think for themselves - who can take initiative and be the solution to problems.
Business underlies everything in our national life, including our spiritual life. Witness the fact that in the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach.
No matter what business you're in, you can't run in place or someone will pass you by. It doesn't matter how many games you've won.
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation.
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.
Towns find it as hard as houses of business to rise again from ruin.
A grocer is attracted to his business by a magnetic force as great as the repulsion which renders it odious to artists.
The life of a man who deliberately runs through his fortune often becomes a business speculation his friends, his pleasures, patrons, and acquaintances are his capital.
Money is a strange business. People who haven't got it aim it strongly. People who have are full of troubles.
The business of America is business.
For many my behavior has been a major disappointment, my behavior has caused considerable worry to my business partners, and everyone involved in my business, but most importantly to the young people we influence, I apologize.
The only business of the head in the world is to bow a ceaseless obeisance to the heart.
Democrats think the country works better with a strong middle class, real opportunities for poor people to work their way into it and a relentless focus on the future, with business and government working together to promote growth and broadly shared prosperity. We think 'we're all in this together' is a better philosophy than 'you're on your own.'
If you have learned how to disagree without being disagreeable, then you have discovered the secrete of getting along - whether it be business, family relations, or life itself.
I think I could go away tomorrow. I've already accomplished something. It's such a selfish business that sometimes I get sick of myself.
My philosophy is: It's none of my business what people say of me and think of me.
It's like you always have to put on a happy face, be the phony baloney, and I'm so not that. I never was that I'll never be that. That is part of the business that I don't like. Maybe that will always keep me an outsider, I don't know. But that's fine.
The art which we may call generally art of the wayside, as opposed to that which is the business of men's lives, is, in the best sense of the word, Grotesque.
The business of art is to reveal the relation between man and his environment.
It is not fit the public trusts should be lodged in the hands of any, till they are first proved and found fit for the business they are to be entrusted with.
I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence I can reach for perfection is God's business.
Contrary to popular opinion, the hustle is not a new dance step - it is an old business procedure.
I believe fundamental honesty is the keystone of business.
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.
I think a simple rule of business is, if you do the things that are easier first, then you can actually make a lot of progress.
If a man's character is to be abused there's nobody like a relative to do the business.
A government, for protecting business only, is but a carcass, and soon falls by its own corruption and decay.
The main business of religions is to purify, control, and restrain that excessive and exclusive taste for well-being which men acquire in times of equality.
It is your business when the wall next door catches fire.
Let us permit nature to have her way. She understands her business better than we do.
Be the business never so painful, you may have it done for money.
I strongly believe that missionaries make better products. They care more. For a missionary, it's not just about the business. There has to be a business, and the business has to make sense, but that's not why you do it. You do it because you have something meaningful that motivates you.
Music is spiritual. The music business is not.
Advertising is a business of words, but advertising agencies are infested with men and women who cannot write. They cannot write advertisements, and they cannot write plans. They are helpless as deaf mutes on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera.
If we must have a tyrant, let him at least be a gentleman who has been bred to the business, and let us fall by the axe and not by the butcher's cleaver.
In day-to-day commerce, television is not so much interested in the business of communications as in the business of delivering audiences to advertisers. People are the merchandise, not the shows. The shows are merely the bait.
In the end, all business operations can be reduced to three words: people, product, and profits.
The true measure of the value of any business leader and manager is performance.
Writing fiction has become a priestly business in countries that have lost their faith.
Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.
If you like a person you say 'let's go into business together.' Man is a social animal after all, but such partnerships are fraught with danger.
There's no reason to be the richest man in the cemetery. You can't do any business from there.
Business is not just doing deals business is having great products, doing great engineering, and providing tremendous service to customers. Finally, business is a cobweb of human relationships.
My business is to teach my aspirations to confirm themselves to fact, not to try and make facts harmonize with my aspirations.
I'm someone who loves to enjoy life and tries to focus on real things and real friendships. That's why I live very simply. I'm a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl. I don't spend much time fixing myself up or trying to look cool. I live like a normal person and even though I'm in a very high-profile business, I really don't let it affect the way I live.
The law does not pretend to punish everything that is dishonest. That would seriously interfere with business.
Almost anyone can be an author the business is to collect money and fame from this state of being.
What other people think about me is not my business.
Love has always been the most important business in my life, I should say the only one.
Being tall is an advantage, especially in business. People will always remember you. And if you're in a crowd, you'll always have some clean air to breathe.
I've got to keep breathing. It'll be my worst business mistake if I don't.
A live concert to me is exciting because of all the electricity that is generated in the crowd and on stage. It's my favorite part of the business, live concerts.
Of course, everybody makes mistakes, and we've all been young and stupid. But people need to have a sense of respect, particularly in this business, because hundreds of people are ready to take your place at any time. Maybe some people should think about that.
You know, I look like a woman but I think like a man. And in this world of business, that has helped me a lot. Because by the time they think that I don't know what's goin' on, I then got the money, and gone.
There are no right and wrong ways to work in this business, but there are some basic common-sense practices. Work very, very hard and always be prepared never give up and once you get the job, give them more than they ever expected: - Shine!
There is nothing more requisite in business than despatch.
Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business.
I started out mopping floors, waiting tables, and tending bar at my dad's tavern. I put myself through school working odd jobs and night shifts. I poured my heart and soul into a small business. And when I saw how out-of-touch Washington had become with the core values of this great nation, I put my name forward and ran for office.
Teach your children how to behave with animals. Adopt a pet. Don't go buy one. Please. That's a sin. Let's get these puppy mills out of business.
The minute you try to talk business with him he takes the attitude that he is a gentleman and a scholar, and the moment you try to approach him on the level of his moral integrity he starts to talk business.
For the first time we're allowing developers who don't work at Facebook to develop applications just as if they were. That's a big deal because it means that all developers have a new way of doing business if they choose to take advantage of it. There are whole companies that are forming whose only product is a Facebook Platform application.
Every business and every product has risks. You can't get around it.
Comedy may be big business but it isn't pretty.
When I was in college, I was debating to try my hand at show business, or to become a professor. I just thought of the risk of not going into show business and always wondering if I would've had a chance. Because that's where my real heart was.
It is the artist's business to create sunshine when the sun fails.
I do not regret one professional enemy I have made. Any actor who doesn't dare to make an enemy should get out of the business.
Christmas is over and Business is Business.
Politics would be a helluva good business if it weren't for the goddamned people.
It is just as important that business keep out of government as that government keep out of business.
Kelly Clarkson
Very few, if any, first-generation black or white or Asian kids will pursue a Ph.D. They'll pursue the professions for economic security. Many will go to law school and/or business school.
The sad truth is that without complex business partnerships between African elites and European traders and commercial agents, the slave trade to the New World would have been impossible, at least on the scale it occurred.
Follow sound business trends, not fashion trends.
That's what show business is, sincere insincerity.
If the First Amendment means anything, it means that a state has no business telling a man, sitting alone in his house, what books he may read or what films he may watch.
Organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people who need strength in numbers. It tells people to go out and stick their noses in other people's business.
Part of show business is magic. You don't know how it happens.
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create.
Positive thinking is the key to success in business, education, pro football, anything that you can mention. I go out there thinking that I'm going to complete every pass.
Death is a billion-dollar business. They can't even pass a law where it takes seven days to get a gun. Why don't you have to go through the same kind of screening you do to get a driver's license? It's totally insane.
I have laid aside business, and gone a'fishing.
Understand why casinos and racetracks stay in business - the gambler always loses over the long term.
Any work that's worth doing has its challenges as well as its opportunities. That's true if you're running a business, it's true if you're trying to help on a campaign.
Now that women are jockeys, baseball umpires, atomic scientists, and business executives, maybe someday they can master parallel parking.
Los Angeles is such a town of show business, and I'm a terrible celebrity. I find it difficult - it's the beast that must be fed. There's this big wheel of pictures and articles that goes around, and you get pinned on it.
I couldn't be an ingenue today, because the business has changed. I remember when you could dress for a premiere just by putting on a cute top. Now you have to be perfect and fabulous in every way, or you're ridiculed.
All the business of war, and indeed all the business of life, is to endeavour to find out what you don't know by what you do that's what I called 'guess what was at the other side of the hill'.
The common question that gets asked in business is, 'why?' That's a good question, but an equally valid question is, 'why not?'
There's another way we are getting behind business - by sorting out the banks. Taxpayers bailed you out. Now it's time for you to repay the favour and start lending to Britain's small businesses.
Commitments are one of the worst things to have in the music business. They're very annoying.
I'm an introvert at heart... And show business - even though I've loved it so much - has always been hard for me.
Romney is right that the Obama vision is too centered on government. But his is too centered on the promotion of business and wealth creation at the expense of everything else.
There is something sinister, something quite biographical about what I do - but that part is for me. It's my personal business. I think there is a lot of romance, melancholy. There's a sadness to it, but there's romance in sadness. I suppose I am a very melancholy person.
A merchant who approaches business with the idea of serving the public well has nothing to fear from the competition.
If you deprive yourself of outsourcing and your competitors do not, you're putting yourself out of business.
Most of my relationships were people in the business. Having said that, me and Tim don't really talk that much about work. He comes into my bit of the house every so often to vent but we don't really have very high, cultured conversations.
When I was in N.W.A. and didn't get paid all the money I was owed, that's when the business side of showbiz hit me.
Short cycle business are being impacted by credit, and are being impacted by gasoline prices, food, distribution businesses, chemical business.
Politics is just show business for ugly people.
I think we have to notice that the business processes we use right now for thinking and planning and budgeting and strategy are all delivered on very tight agendas.
I don't have more money. I won't have more money than any of the candidates, even the Republican candidates. We know that already. But we are building this campaign team like I would build a business. And that is, we are building it so far with no debt.
Whether you were talking about Pillsbury, Burger King, Godfather's, the National Restaurant Association, in each one of those situations, I had a daunting problem that I had to solve. And I used the same business principles to approach the problem and, more importantly, solve the problem in every one of the situations.
Interest in business ethics courses has surged, and student activities at leading business schools are more focused than ever before on making business serve long-term social values.
The whole business is built on ego, vanity, self-satisfaction, and it's total crap to pretend it's not.
Half the time men think they are talking business, they are wasting time.
I've seen so many people in this business that made a fortune. They get old and broke and can't make any money. I tell you something... no one's going to play a benefit for Jimmy Dean.
I do not understand how it is that financial institutions could think that they could take taxpayer money and then turn around and act like it's business as usual. I don't understand how they can't see that the world has changed in a fundamental way, that it is not business as usual when you take taxpayer dollars.
Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business.
Music and the music business are two different things.
Don't solicit feedback on your product, idea or your business just for validation purposes. You want to tell the people who can help move your idea forward, but if you're just looking to your friend, co-worker, husband or wife for validation, be careful. It can stop a lot of multimillion-dollar ideas in their tracks in the beginning.
There's no business like show business, but there are several businesses like accounting.
Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.
Interior design is a business of trust.
I'm in a business where no one cares about anything except how well your last collection sold.
When I started the business, I hardly went home. I became very driven about work and about my career.
I think it is an immutable law in business that words are words, explanations are explanations, promises are promises - but only performance is reality.
In business, words are words explanations are explanations, promises are promises, but only performance is reality.
Business is war. I go out there, I want to kill the competitors. I want to make their lives miserable. I want to steal their market share. I want them to fear me and I want everyone on my team thinking we're going to win.
I want to apologize to all of the people I have let down because of my behavior which has reflected badly on my family, friends, co-workers, business associates and others.
Diplomats make it their business to conceal the facts.
I know the history of the record business so well because I followed Billie Holiday into the record studios. It was so primitive compared to the sophisticated business today.
There is no business in America that would be prevented from taking results into account when making personnel decisions.
It is rare to find a business partner who is selfless. If you are lucky it happens once in a lifetime.
Teenage girls these days are more and more getting lured into thinking they should dumb themselves down, and that's going to attract the wrong kind of guy, and it's serious. It's serious business.
The movie business is a big gamble.
I feel fine, I don't care who the director is. All you have to do is know what your doing - all of us - everybody in the business - that's all you ask anyone - you know your job, I know mine, let's go do it.
You wouldn't want to be called a sell-out by selling a product. Selling out was frowned on, whereas now you can major in it at business school.
I find myself going to places where I really have no business, speaking to these people in a whole other field that I have no extensive knowledge of. But I do it very often because it scares me.
Many people see technology as the problem behind the so-called digital divide. Others see it as the solution. Technology is neither. It must operate in conjunction with business, economic, political and social system.
Don't think of yourself as a woman in business.
Had anyone told me that I was going to have a career in business, I would have said, 'No way.'
You know, every family and every business in California knows what it means to go through tough times.
If you have a line of business - I know this as a CEO - or if you have a teenager - I know this as a parent - who have a spending problem, what do you do? You quit giving them money.
Childhood is a tricky business. Usually, something goes wrong.
Treaties, agreements and organizations to help settle disputes may be necessary, but they often favor the interests of business over citizens.
I propose that the government should get out of the business of marrying people and, instead, only give legal status to civil unions.
When I started Netscape I was brand new out of college and all the aspects of building a business, like balance sheets and hiring people, were new to me.
Our combination of great research universities, a pro-risk business culture, deep pools of innovation-seeking equity capital and reliable business and contract law is unprecedented and unparalleled in the world.
Perhaps the single most dramatic example of this phenomenon of software eating a traditional business is the suicide of Borders and corresponding rise of Amazon.
Newspapers with declining circulations can complain all they want about their readers and even say they have no taste. But you will still go out of business over time. A newspaper is not a public trust - it has a business model that either works or it doesn't.
I want to go out at the top, but the secret is knowing when you're at the top, it's so difficult in this business, your career fluctuates all the time, up and down, like a pair of trousers.
You shouldn't be in the music business if you're posing.
Like everybody in show business, you think you're going to wake up one day, and it's all going to be taken away from you. I think we all share an insecurity in that way, everybody in show business - the ones I talk to, anyway.
I'm not saying I wasn't flawed or amateurish. But you can never say I did anything to appease the music business.
Listen, if there's one sure-fire rule that I have learned in this business, it's that I don't know anything about human nature.
Dear, never forget one little point. It's my business. You just work here.
I'm no longer dependent on the movie business to make a living. So if I want to make movies as other old guys would play golf, I can.
I learned you have to fight for yourself in the picture business.
As an actress, emotions are my business, my stock-in-trade. As such, I've dealt with them nearly all my life.
I think people are used to seeing actors be wide open and desperately giving of themselves, and while I do that on a movie set as much as I can, it's so unnatural for me to do it on television, in interviews, in anything like that. I also don't find that my process as an actor is really anyone else's business.
A business like an automobile, has to be driven, in order to get results.
After I left the White House, I kept a foothold in the business of American politics as a talk-show host, analyst, commentator, speechmaker, and occasional writer. I was no longer a practitioner, but I was still a partisan, a Democrat, a blue-stater through and through.
After all is said that can be said upon the liquor traffic, its influence is degrading upon the individual, the family, politics and business, and upon everything that you touch in this old world.
Extracting oil from the tar sands is a nasty, polluting, energy-intensive business.
I challenge you to show me where the saloon has ever helped business, education, church, morals or anything we hold dear.
I have been, and will go on, fighting that damnable, dirty, rotten business with all the power at my command.
White shall not neutralize the black, nor good compensate bad in man, absolve him so: life's business being just the terrible choice.
In America, we no longer have an institutionalized, organized way of calling business to task - of taking them to account for what they've done - and this is especially true in the cultural realm.
Selling public property is the true Chicago way. Had Mr. Obama not been elected president, the nation's business journals would be falling over one another to praise his city for its daring, market-friendly innovations.
We have mountain of debt that isn't going away and all the problems are here to stay, and anybody who tells you that is a good thing ought to get out of the business of helping the government down the road.
What other people think of me is none of my business.
The Right's view of government and the Left's view of big business are both correct.
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves.
The trouble with movies as a business is that it's an art, and the trouble with movies as art is that it's a business.
In business, the competition will bite you if you keep running, if you stand still, they will swallow you.
You can hype a questionable product for a little while, but you'll never build an enduring business.
The nature of the global business environment guarantees that no matter how hard we work to create a stable and healthy organisation, our organisation will continue to experience dramatic changes far beyond our control.
I think everybody has their own way of looking at their lives as some kind of pilgrimage. Some people will see their role as a pilgrim in terms of setting up a fine family, or establishing a business inheritance. Everyone's got their own definition.
I am a child but I have to think and act like a woman, this business forces you to.
Business ethics has always had problems that are distinct from those of other professions, such as medicine, law, engineering, dentistry, or nursing.
Do business managers have a commitment to anything more than the success of their company and to making money? It would be hard to say that they do. Indeed, many business leaders deny that there is any conflict between self-interest and the interests of all.
I think in politics, in Congress, you often do things that are Republican, or you do things because you're a Democrat. Sometimes that's good, obviously, and sometimes that's obviously bad. But in the news business, there's no such thing as Republican or Democratic news. News is news.
I have watched people who have nothing to do with the film business, but who have become part of the circle for a short period of time. They can be truly devastated when the film wraps and people leave.
This film business, perhaps more so in America than in Europe, has always been about young sexuality. It's not true of theatre, but in America, film audiences are young. It's not an intellectual cinema in America.
Let me remind you that credit is the lifeblood of business, the lifeblood of prices and jobs.
I hate show business.
I heard someone from the music business saying they are no longer looking for talent, they want people with a certain look and a willingness to cooperate.
The message I take all round the world is Britain is open for business.
I gave up lots of things I love doing: writing, and business, and playing the piano and so on.
Our company is built on people - those who work for us, and those we do business with.
In this business it takes time to be really good - and by that time, you're obsolete.
Kids are great. That's one of the best things about our business, all the kids you get to meet. It's a shame they have to grow up to be regular people and come to the games and call you names.
I was a good amateur but only an average professional. I soon realized that there was a limit to how far I could rise in the music business, so I left the band and enrolled at New York University.
A lot of people say I'd miss show business if I quit. I'd miss some of it. Now it's the only life I know.
You hear entertainers all the time, saying, 'If I couldn't get paid for this, I'd do it for free.' When's the last time you ever heard a business person say, 'If I couldn't get paid for being chairman of British Petroleum, I'd do it for free'?
One thing is certain in business. You and everyone around you will make mistakes.
My whole family's been in the business. My whole family is crazy.
Christ would be a national advertiser today, I am sure, as He was a great advertiser in His own day. He thought of His life as business.
Jesus picked up twelve men from the bottom ranks of business and forged them into an organisation that conquered the world.
Losses have propelled me to even bigger places, so I understand the importance of losing. You can never get complacent because a loss is always around the corner. It's in any game that you're in - a business game or whatever - you can't get complacent.
Corporations are not in business to be social-welfare organizations they are there to make money.
I'll never forget that show season. It was completely mad. I was staying between Christy and Naomi's rooms and it was all limos and the Ritz Hotel and all that kind of business.
I have made some of the best friends that I've got in this business.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous and it is among the merits of science that it equips the future for its duties.
My curiosity and my appetite for evolving as an actor is one of the main components of me still working today in the business.
It's a reality that in this business there's an expectation of being thin. But having a baby is a reality too, and it's more important for me to make milk than to fit into those tiny pants. So that's just going to have to wait.
A lot of people, including business leaders, think the future belongs to China. Globalization is not a zero-sum game, but we need to hone our skills to stay in play.
The monarchy is foremost a business, and it's important to them that the British public continue to finance the excessive luxurious lifestyles of the now quite enormous, wasteful and useless 'royal' family. I find it very sad.
My view is that you still, in order to win from the Labour perspective, have to have a strong alliance with business as well as the unions. You have got to be very much in the centre ground on things like public sector reform.
The word career is a divisive word. It's a word that divides the normal life from business or professional life.
Some years ago there was a study to discover the most stressful occupation. It turned out not to be the head of a large business, football manager or prime minister, but rather: bus driver.
And I'm not apolitical - I'm very specific in my politics. But a lot of the time it's nobody's business unless you're over at my house having dinner.
Desperation is the perfume of the young actor. It's so satisfying to have gotten rid of it. If you keep smelling it, it can drive you crazy. In this business a lot of people go nuts, go eccentric, even end up dead from it. Not my plan.
I have pretty thick skin, and I think if you're going to be in this business, if you're going to be an actor or a writer, you better have a thick skin.
We have in this country a federal government that increasingly is engaged in trying to determine which business, which regions, which industries will succeed, which will not through a whole range of economic development, regional development corporate subsidization programs.
I was bullied as a kid, and I got a job on television. And I had a camera. And so I wanted to go after those business bullies. And I just have been following that instinct.
I still have a lot to learn - about the business, about music, and about myself. Its exciting.
Suits are looked at more now as a business thing which is kind of a shame. If you're not wearing it just for work, you should try and trick it up a bit.
I genuinely believe that if you want to get in the film business, get in the film business.
My goal in the beginning was to buy my mother a house. Now I realize, okay, if I really focus and become a key player in business, then I can build an empire.
We are at a crossroads in the music business: with the rise of the internet, the world we live in has changed, and the past is not coming back. But I see the glass as half-full: the internet and social networking are new avenues for the next Bob Dylan to be born on.
Female rappers get it the hardest. You have to be a girl, yet you have to be just as hard as the guys. I think some female rappers get scared out of the business before they can make it.
I want to own an NFL franchise. I understand the business of football.
It's not hard to get your way when it's your way or the highway. People either follow suit or they're not around. I don't really like the sound of that, 'cause that sounds like a temper tantrum. I'm just very black and white when it comes to my business. There's really no gray area.
Planning cities is a necessary but risky business.
I remember when I first started in the business, I lost a lot of friends. Some were jealous, some were annoyed at the fact that I was an actress.
Environmentalism opposes reckless innovation and makes conservation the central order of business.
You have a career, and you start as a business person. And you work your way, you reach this peak, and you know the time's going to come when you go back down.
You can say what you want to about a rapper in a movie, but look at what Ice Cube has done. Ice Cube has created more opportunities for other actors to get jobs in this business than some actors have.
Baseball is a game, yes. It is also a business. But what is most truly is is disguised combat. For all its gentility, its almost leisurely pace, baseball is violence under wraps.
In principle, there are only three main components of spending that much matter to monetary policy: consumer spending, business investment and exports and trade.
Politicians also have a love affair with the 'small business exemption.' Too much paperwork? Too heavy a burden? Not enough time? Just exempt small businesses from the rule. It sounds so pro-growth. Instead it's an admission that the costs of a regulation just can't be justified.
I am just at that stage of wondering where I go from here. I came into this business almost by accident, but now it has become serious. What started as a bit of fun, something to do other than be a model, has taken on a different career curve. I have been forced to ask where that curve is going to end up.
I believe people who go into politics want to do the right thing. And then they hit a big wall of re-election and the pettiness of politics. In the end, politics gets in the way of the business of people.
My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day.
When I was building the Vietnam Memorial, I never once asked the veterans what it was like in the war, because from my point of view, you don't pry into other people's business.
I've learned that life is very tricky business: Each person needs to find what they want to do in life and not be dissuaded when people question them.
The jewelry business is a very, very tough business - tougher than the computer business. You truly have to understand how to take care of your customers.
It's tough because a lot of my friends in normal life, a lot of my friends in the entertainment business, and a lot of my friends in the wrestling business are gay. Just to say something spiteful and hurtful, I don't get it... if it was true and I was gay, I'd embrace it, and I'd tell you guys about it and I'd celebrate it.
I have no business being a journalist. I'm the least, I'm the least - I'm the most trusting, I absolutely make a habit of believing anything that anybody tells me about themselves. I've never had any reason in the world to think that anyone has wanted to harm me, or lie to me. I believe whatever is being sold, most of the time.
In practice we, in the world, must do business with each other.
Living the past is a dull and lonely business looking back strains the neck muscles, causing you to bump into people not going your way.
Being in the business and growing up in L.A., I think I turned out pretty OK.
Profits in business always depend on the rate of interest: the higher the interest, the higher the rate of profit required.
Up until the Depression, recession had a moral character: it was supposed to purge the body economic of the greed and excess that attends a business expansion.
A shady business never yields a sunny life.
Everybody's business is nobody's business, and nobody's business is my business.
When a book leaves your hands, it belongs to God. He may use it to save a few souls or to try a few others, but I think that for the writer to worry is to take over God's business.
Except for politics, no business is scrutinized more exhaustively than journalism.
There is a growing literature about the multitude of journalism's problems, but most of it is concerned with the editorial side of the business, possibly because most people competent to write about journalism are not comfortable writing about finance.
A rise in the level of saving can reduce aggregate activity temporarily but only a sustained high level of saving makes it possible to have the sustained high level of business investment that contributes to the long-run growth of output.
The best discussion of trouble in boardroom and business office is found in newspapers' own financial pages and speeches by journalists in management jobs.
I have always maintained that society has no business dictating morality.
And then there's all these other creeps that surround your band and suck off you like leeches and try to manipulate you and your business. You have to watch like a hawk. I'm always ready to fight. I see it very much as a battle.
Business is tough you need tough guys.
In this business, if you don't pay your debts you're finished.
I want to tell my jokes. I want to have time with my children. I want to entertain people. And at one point, I'll walk away from show business. But I don't want to walk away empty-handed.
My home has always been show business.
I'm not really in the excuse business.
The only thing I fear more than change is no change. The business of being static makes me nuts.
Judgment is not my business. Existing is my business.
The reason is that they define how I have gone about my business. I have trusted to intuition. I did it at the beginning. I do it even now. I have no idea how things might turn out, where in my writing I might go next.
I went to India and met some people who had been involved in this guerrilla business, middle-class people who were rather vain and foolish. There was no revolutionary grandeur to it. Nothing.
Hackers are breaking the systems for profit. Before, it was about intellectual curiosity and pursuit of knowledge and thrill, and now hacking is big business.
It's a real roller-coaster ride if you're lucky to have longevity in this business - you have to be able to ride those waves.
Life... is not simply a series of exciting new ventures. The future is not always a whole new ball game. There tends to be unfinished business. One trails all sorts of things around with one, things that simply won't be got rid of.
I think early on I knew what I was going to do and it was based a lot on familiarity but it was also because I didn't have a lot of skills. There was nothing I wanted t be. I didn't want to be a doctor. I wanted to be in show business.
You have got to have discipline and focus - on the customer and how you run the business.
I think that if I had grown up and had been in show business and the movies twenty five, thirty years earlier, I think I would have made a lot more musical movies.
You just can't get too focused on worrying about what's going to happen in the next quarter. You have to worry about where the business is headed long-term.
A business of high principle generates greater drive and effectiveness because people know that they can do the right thing decisively and with confidence.
Well, I was sort of a jack-of-all-trades in show business for a long time. I was a singer and a dancer and then I got a job as an actor.
I'm in exactly the same position as everybody else who has a small business. I mean I get loads of money, all from different sources. You give it to your accountant. They manage it.
I've made movies that I thought were good. I've made movies that I thought were okay, but then I was very good. And sometimes you're in a movie and you think, I wish more people saw that - because you're good. And it just works out that the movie gets lost. But that's show business.
There is the expression of selfishness and there is the expression of selflessness - but economists or theoreticians never touched that part. They said: 'Go and become a philanthropist.' I said, 'No, I can do that in the business world, create a different kind of business - a business based on selflessness.'
I still work hard to know my business. I'm continuously looking for ways to improve all my companies, and I'm always selling. Always.
The more you are in this business, the more humbled by it you become.
Show business has been really, really good to me because I can work and take a lot of time off, and I'm extremely undisciplined person.
The Postal Service's unmatched ability to reach every household and business in America six days a week is a vital part of the nation's infrastructure.
I grew up in the business since I was three years old so I've always kind of been in front of the camera and grew up in commercials and I knew that I wanted to do it no matter what, I just loved it.
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart.
I've always been able to keep my private life separate from my business.
I had no idea that he was going to write that, but I've always believed that insecurity was what would keep you always in your innocence, no matter what the business did.
I realize that the majority of people in the entertainment business happen to be Democrats. I have no problem with that. And they should have no problem with the fact that I'm a Republican.
My business is the enforcement of the tax laws and the integrity of the tax code and making sure that trustees of charitable giving are true trustees.
The goal seems to me at times just to be business first.
I've set the model of showing fighters how they should conduct their business.
I have a fine level of recognition in the business and among the acting community now, so I consider myself one of the lucky ones. If I didn't think that, there would be something wrong with me. I'm grateful and thankful for what I've got.
There are two ways to extend a business. Take inventory of what you're good at and extend out from your skills. Or determine what your customers need and work backward, even if it requires learning new skills. Kindle is an example of working backward.
It's not just Bin Laden or just those that are involved in the counterterrorism effort. We've gotta cast the net broader than that. But I think it's a - very special tribute that we all owe to the bravery and courage of the men and women in the intelligence and military business who performed so well to finally get it done.
You can't be halfway in this business. If you don't meet the fans, you lose all you've got.
Sometimes I think our problems are made worse by the kind of business we're in. Playing these road shows is a weird experience.
I never knew any Jews until I got into show business. I've found them to be real smart and good workers.
A woman's two cents worth is worth two cents in the music business.
If anybody ran a business like that they would be out of business quickly, and Barack Obama's leadership is driving this business, the United States of America, toward a fiscal cliff.
All those lessons that I've learned on the court, I have applied them to my life outside of the court in business, my company, called V Starr interiors, an interior design company, and EleVen, which I wear on court.
The business is a very tricky obstacle course, and you should be very clear about work begetting work. If you're not working, you're not interesting.
Everything is tennis for me, it's my career and it's entertainment, but it's also a business.
I'd still like to see 'Survivor' minus the planned show-biz parts. That would be the purest form of show business - I want to see someone so hungry that they eat somebody else's foot.
Movies are an expensive business.
You cannot run a business, or anything else, on a theory.
If you can't pay for a thing, don't buy it. If you can't get paid for it, don't sell it. Do this, and you will have calm and drowsy nights, with all of the good business you have now and none of the bad. If you have time, don't wait for time.
In the NFL a lot of times everyone gets caught up in the business side of things. For them it's all about money and it really leaves a sour taste in your mouth.
I just make it my business to get along with people so I can have fun. It's that simple.
I'm in the acting business. That's the ego business.
I stayed in show business to pay for my animal business.
I am interested in a lot of things - not just show business and my passion for animals. I try to keep current in what's going on in the world. I do mental exercises. I don't have any trouble memorizing lines because of the crossword puzzles I do every day to keep my mind a little limber. I don't sit and vegetate.
I cannot stand the people who get wonderful starts in show business and who abuse it. Lindsay Lohan and Charlie Sheen, for example, although there are plenty of others, too. They are the most blessed people in the world, and they don't appreciate it.
Married couples who work together to build and maintain a business assume broad responsibilities. Not only is their work important to our local and national economies, but their success is central to the well-being of their families.
Even if the chef has a good business head, his focus should be behind kitchen doors. A business partner should take care of everything in front of the kitchen doors.
The Golden Rule finds no limit of application in business.
What makes the most money for this business? Dead rock stars.
Further, Take heed that you faithfully perform the business you have to do in the world, from a regard to the commands of God and not from an ambitious desire of being esteemed better than others.
If bad things are going to be said about me, I have to bear that. If I don't understand that it's part of being in show business, then I'd better go work in a bank.
Rock stars get room keys, I get business cards.
The people who are competing business-wise out there want what other successful labels and artists have. I don't want what they have I want my own path, my own sound, my own identity. Record labels care nothing about identity or artistic freedom, they want good business.
The nature of motion capture is only going to work for certain films. It's not going to put any other type of movies out of business.
I think I thought it would be important for electronics as we knew it then, but that was a much simpler business and electronics was mostly radio and television and the first computers.
I do not want to admit to the world that I can be a bad person. It is just that I don't want anyone to have false expectations. Moviemaking is a harsh, volatile business, and unless you can be ruthless, too, there's a good chance that you are going to disappear off the scene pretty quickly.
Let me tell you quite bluntly that this king business has given me personally nothing but headaches.
I think any opportunity you have to be green, whether it's in business or in everyday life, you should take it.
There's not a business or a master plan as far as I'm concerned. I take it week by week, and I don't think you ever expect to be able to do the next thing.
Politics are about preserving relationships at the end of the day, and it has nothing to do with the greater good for humanity. It's just all about business.
You can rule ignorance you can manipulate the illiterate you can do whatever you want when a people are uneducated, so that goes in line with corrupt business and corrupt politics.
I wasn't looking to get into TV. My family was in the movie business, so I was never interested in that world.
Secure our borders first. Let us know and let us make sure the American people know that we're taking care of the important business of dealing with the illegal immigration into this country. You cannot begin to address the concerns of the people who are already here unless and until you have made certain that no more are coming in behind them.
They keep the old business. We keep the ongoing business.
I learned what I really love is making films, not the film business. I want to be on the set, meeting with writers, I want that freedom. I love it now.
If an Internet company steals content, they shut it down. And let me tell you, Apple France, Yahoo France or Google France, none of them have gone out of business.
I'm probably the only person who goes to work and says 'Wow, it's really nice here and sweet,' even in the competitive movie business.
I became a larger than life figure for one reason only. When you're quoted in the 'Wall Street Journal,' the 'New York Times,' constantly as the expert in the business people assume you're a lot bigger than you are. And then I had to run like hell to catch up with my own image.
My husband had a very strong identity and was successful in his life. Thank God for that. There's no way I can control him. I wouldn't stay married to him if I felt I could. I can readily take my business personality into the home. But he forces me to be a partner rather than the boss.
It's a libel to say that I use my newspapers to support my other business interests. The fact is, I haven't got any other business interests.
We've got to lift our game tremendously. We'll sell our business news and information in print, we'll sell it to anyone who's got a cable system, and we'll sell it on the Web.
One thing I resent is the slur that I just support political candidates because of the business.
Money is not the motivating force. It's nice to have money, but I don't live high. What I enjoy is running the business.
There's a terrible truth for many women in the picture business: Aging typically takes its toll and means fewer and less desirable roles.
Detainee policy in this war is hard, it's complicated, but we must get it right. We would be better off as a nation if we could close Gitmo safely and start a new prison that he could use that the world would see as a better way to doing business.
What's so touching is the way we fight the war right until the moment our business is taken care of and then we turn on a dime and we immediately start taking care of people. It's like a shock and aw shucks campaign.
Design, in its broadest sense, is the enabler of the digital era - it's a process that creates order out of chaos, that renders technology usable to business. Design means being good, not just looking good.
That's why I do this music business thing, it's communication with people without having the extreme inconvenience of actually phoning anybody up.
I'll keep on acting 'til they wipe the drool. I like the business. I like to do different parts and diverse characters. I haven't lost my enthusiasm yet!
I started cooking in kitchens right out of high school, and I was lucky to work with a lot of great people, but I had no idea it would turn into this. Of course no one should go into this business because they want to be the next Emeril.
The forgotten man... He works, he votes, generally he prays, but his chief business in life is to pay.
I'm afraid for all those who'll have the bread snatched from their mouths by these machines. What business has science and capitalism got, bringing all these new inventions into the works, before society has produced a generation educated up to using them!
I never dreamt of being a musician for my livelihood. I certainly never would have wanted to be in the business that I'm in, meaning the fame and the glory, the glitter, the rock star, the famous part.
The Republican platform specifically says we don't believe in bailing out private business, and yet we did.
Giving someone a one-time stimulus check, or a one-time tax cut that expires doesn't allow the predictability that business needs.
How many times have you been out for a beer or dinner and people are coming up with business ideas? Everybody wants to think they've got that great business idea.
The people of Hong Kong are criticized for only being interested in business, but it's the only thing they've been allowed to do.
The whole point of being in this business and being blessed and being successful is that you're able to do things for your friends or your family, which means that they can have something special in their lives, too.
And I trusted someone to look after me on the business side of life.
The American formula for creating business is not to have the government create business.
Not since the steam engine has any invention disrupted business models like the Internet. Whole industries including music distribution, yellow-pages directories, landline telephones, and fax machines have been radically reordered by the digital revolution.
People are always saying that Hollywood messes up kids. I'm like, 'No, families mess up kids!' I grew up in Hollywood, and I'm perfectly fine. If my children want to go into the entertainment business, I won't stop them, as long as they're passionate about it.
If you create something that is asking for people to respond as they're going to respond, you have to allow them to respond as they're going to respond. Some of the people are going to be uninterested and some people are going to be mad for some reason, which is their business. That's just the way the world is.
Energy and environmental regulation, transportation, and broadband policy all benefit when legislators have a basic grounding in the technical concepts behind business models, products, and innovation.
If you say, 'I'm going to cut this song because I know the teenagers are going to love it,' well, then you're going to alienate everybody else. When I cut my record, I'm just going to cut the things that I like, and whoever likes it, likes it. That's too much work to try to figure out the demographic. That's too much like a business.
I've got a wife, four kids, a business, and a baseball career.
A firm, for instance, that does business in many countries of the world is driven to spend an enormous amount of time, labour, and money in providing for translation services.
I've always wanted to be the best in the world as a baseball player, so when I started to think about opening a business, it was with that mindset.
Love, with very young people, is a heartless business. We drink at that age from thirst, or to get drunk it is only later in life that we occupy ourselves with the individuality of our wine.
I'm lucky. The best possible place in the world for training is Addis Ababa, so I am home all the time except when I am racing. I like to be there, near my family, my kids, also the real estate business I run with my wife.
If you want to stay in the business then you've got to be a bit shrewd, haven't you?
I find the business world hard.
As an actor you have to wait for someone to cast you, so you're relying on the business.
I can't understand why the Democratic parties seem so hostile to economic growth and business.
Kids are brought into show business because they are cute and see truth and they're very bright. But there's a sense of doing it because you want the adults to be approving of you. You want to make them happy.
Show business is my life. When I was a kid I sold insurance, but nobody laughed.
Go for a business that any idiot can run - because sooner or later, any idiot probably is going to run it.
If you want to have a good life, you should focus on your family, on your business, on your dog, on your fun, and you'll have a good life.
All business proceeds on beliefs, or judgements of probabilities, and not on certainties.
These women whose antics we smirk at good-naturedly in the pap-traps put themselves out there at least partly on their beauty they are in showbiz, and showing what they've got is part of their business as much as it is for male show-ponies from the Chippendales to George Clooney.
Politics is the reflex of the business and industrial world.
Performing doesn't turn me on. It's an egomaniac business, filled with prima donnas - including this one.
We are involved in a life that passes understanding and our highest business is our daily life.
I've never seen a worse situation than that of young writers in the United States. The publishing business in North America is so commercialized.
I have several writer friends, but I don't involve them in my work process. I'm more likely to talk about the business of publishing with them.
It never made sense to me that someone would achieve any kind of success in show business, only to become a jerk.
I may be kindly, I am ordinarily gentle, but in my line of business I am obliged to will terribly what I will at all.
Major labels didn't start showing up really until they smelled money, and that's all they're ever going to be attracted to is money-that's the business they're in- making money.
There has to be a measure of faith. That's what this business is all about: trusting in something that may never show up, that you have no concrete proof of.
For a Jewish Puritan of the middle class, the novel is serious, the novel is work, the novel is conscientious application why, the novel is practically the retail business all over again.
Why do only boys get to chase? Nuh-uh! If anything, I think this whole sitting back and waiting thing can be self-sabotaging. We have to send up flares. We have to let guys know we're open for business.
To be honest I live among the English and have always found them to be very honest in their business dealings. They are noble, hard-working and anxious to do the right thing. But joy eludes them, they lack the joy that the Irish have.
In terms of having a business, I wanted to let it go beyond what my personal taste is. Basically, I'm in a kilt and a white shirt every day. So, you know, I don't have a lot of scope, and I'm really picky about what I wear.
The owners don't win by having a lockout. Shutting down your business is not good for anybody and it's certainly not good for the players, it's certainly not good for the fans. And that's most important to us.
What if I couldn't handle people's opinions of me? I know that shouldn't dictate a person's degree of peace or happiness in life, but the problem is, I chose a business saturated in judgment.
I got to work with one of my heroes, Johnny Depp, and to see how he goes about business, which was really inspiring for me at this stage in my career.
I think that New York is not the cultural centre of America, but the business and administrative centre of American culture.
Emotions have no place in business, unless you do business with them.
Profit is the most global aspect of a business, and it is cross-functional.
I think naturally, if you're an actor, there's a high level of assertiveness that you need to have to survive this business. There's boldness in being assertive, and there's strength and confidence.
The TV business is like the produce section of the market. Today everything is fresh and glistening and firm. And tomorrow, when they find a bruise on you, they toss you out.
I've managed to keep a clear head and remain sane in this business because I remain a kid off-camera.
Some people work hard in this business and become really popular, really big stars but they never receive an award from within the business. Somehow, when your colleagues and friends believe in you to the point of handing you an award it means so much more.
But the reason I became, why I wanted to be in the business was because there was Midnight Cowboy.
Reading is not a duty, and has consequently no business to be made disagreeable.
The career stuff is for business people.
We're in this entertainment business really to give the audience what they want.
I think there are a lot of technocrats in the business who would much rather work with just wheels and gears and machinery. Those things interest them more than humanity and I wish them the best of luck.
I don't even know what words to use to talk about the music industry anymore. But the business has changed a lot - the methods of releasing music.
Independent film is almost nonexistent right now, because all the distributers that used to love to put out these little art films are all out of business right now, because it costs so much to open a movie.
I'm quitting the business today. I'm going to open up an appliance store, I've always really been into toasters. I'm giving it all up.
I know from my own experience and from other people in the business that when you come from a place where nobody knew who you were and then there is this sudden shift to where everybody now knows who you are, there's an adjustment that you have to make.
I used to be focused on being the dopest rapper in the game, and then once that became what I was, I wanted something different, and I wanted to become the best businessman in the game. I wanted to learn how to master the business like I mastered the rap.
A revised schedule is to business what a new season is to an athlete or a new canvas to an artist.
The most important decision I've made in business? The choices of people I have around me. When I first started I brought everybody with me, my homies from the neighborhood, criminals. I just said, 'Come on everybody, we made it.' Then I had to realize we didn't make it. I made it.
Most small business owners are not particularly sophisticated business people. That's not a criticism they're passionate about cutting hair or cooking food, and that's why they got in the business, not because they have an MBA.
Luckily, my husband is my business partner as well as my life partner, so I never had to do the heavy lifting alone, literally or figuratively.
You have to stick out the toughness of the business and form relationships with the people in it.
Come to West Virginia and we'll show you how to live... how to treat people. We're open for business. West Virginia is truly on the move.
It is not the business of generals to shoot one another.
Golf isn't just my business, it's my hobby.
I do love television. But the business is accelerating and people are not getting the chance to fail.
It's show business. No show, no business.
If we want to secure the best jobs in the future, we must make America the best place in the world to do business.
We need comprehensive reform that will make America the best place in the world to invest and do business.
When you start a business, go for the lowest hanging fruit.
Well there's nobody who has a more supportive husband than I do, and he has a business that he runs, and it's his own business, so he has work to do, my kids have school to do, I mean, people have - there are other things in life besides politics.
I'm happy to report that 'The New Press' is still in business to this day. But not thanks to me. I was a really bad publishing intern.
The thing that helped me get into the film business was that I went to school in Athens, Georgia and managed to get on, um, working on music videos for a band called R.E.M. and that kind of opened up a lot of doors for me.
I've drunk Amazon's free Diet Coke. Nothing makes more sense to me than a company trying to make bookselling into a profitable business. I'm not anti-Amazon, and I'm not pro-publishers either. I'm pro-books.
Some people want fame, popularity and huge sales. I've always hoped to have a really long career. So I've tried to make each of my creative decisions and business decisions to allow for longevity. As a side effect I got really famous and really big. I didn't realize the two could go together.
Seems to me that this business, for actors anyway, is not so much about whether or not you do good work. It's about whether or not you get the chance to do good work.
In my business, if I get too close to you and you die, it hurts me. And so you develop a natural inclination not to be close to the patient, so that if things don't work out ideally, you can still get up the next day and care for the next patient.
I'd like to do a lot of things - whether in design or architecture or business.
If I could create one job in the private sector by helping to grow a business, that would be one more than Congress has created in the last six months.
Our marriage is between us. If we decide to continue being together or not, it's our business.
The movie business is very difficult but the music business is just impossible. So I'll play in bands and record and play songs with other people, but for me it's a form of expression that all I need is me. I don't need cameras or agents, I can just have a piano and sing and feel totally verified.
I don't really think that there is anyone in the modern pop business who I feel I want to spar with.
I was always a singer. But I was always focused on being an actor as my trade. Music I do just for me. The movie business is very difficult but the music business is just impossible.
In recent years, I've been writing because I'm fortunate enough to work in the world of food television, to travel and taste and learn about cooking from the best chefs in the business.
I was criticized at some level within the Republican Party by those who say government should not be in the economic development business at all. My response is that the only country I know that doesn't have an economic development plan is Papa New Guinea.
The rest of the world cares about how we conduct our affairs because they then take that lead. We're the only leader in the world today. Some are wishing us well, others think that we're down and are not going to get back up again, but they are all watching with great interest to see how we conduct our business over the next couple of years.
Although my family - parents and sister - all work in the personnel management business, their real passion is performing, amateur operatic societies and so on.
I would absolutely, definitely never sell my wedding pictures to a magazine. I'd like it to be a special day, not a photo shoot. And once you've done that, your marriage becomes everybody else's business.
Writing fiction is for me a fraught business, an occasion of daily dread for at least the first half of the novel, and sometimes all the way through. The work process is totally different from writing nonfiction. You have to sit down every day and make it up.
I was a fairly good amateur musician, and I was an average professional. But the one thing I saw was that the big band business was fading.
I mean, I'm in the business of storytelling, not message making.
Well, you can't trust most people in this game, period it can be a very shady business.
A transfer of money should never be involved in this profound situation. Although illness is profound, too, but medicine's a business today. It's a business.
Today it is not big business that we have to fear. It is big government.
After adding trillions to the debt on big-government policies most Americans didn't ask for and which we couldn't afford, Democratic leaders say they need more money, which they intend to take from small business, even though small businesses create the majority of new jobs.
I learned from Mr. Wrigley, early in my career, that loyalty wins and it creates friendships. I saw it work for him in his business.
Business is constantly changing, constantly evolving.
I don't do something necessarily to make a big profit or because it's a logical business decision.
We expect all our businesses to have a positive impact on our top and bottom lines. Profitability is very important to us or we wouldn't be in this business.
The only thing harder than leaving show business is coming back.
If you don't understand the details of your business you are going to fail.
Anybody who really knows about the TV business knows that it would be impossible to just march in one day and say to your colleagues and bosses, 'Oh yes, I'm hosting my own show.'
We have to make America the best place in the world to do business.
My professional life has been a constant record of disillusion, and many things that seem wonderful to most men are the every-day commonplaces of my business.
I used to work for a management consulting company, so I dressed differently - business casual, probably a lot of things from Banana Republic. My wardrobe now is definitely more expensive, but I always dress for the occasion.
It is very sad for a man to make himself servant to a single thing his manhood all taken out of him by the hydraulic pressure of excessive business.
But now I realize that this record business really needs me. No one else is trying to take a chance or do something different.
In terms of the technology I use the most, it's probably a tie between my Blackberry and my MacBook Pro laptop. That's how I communicate with the rest of the world and how I handle all the business I have to handle.
I've never chased fame. I came into this business to be a theatre actress. I was nine when I first appeared on stage. But I can't say I would turn my back on fortune. I'm someone who enjoys the benefits of money.
At the end of the day, there's only a few major stars in the music business, and then there's all these people that are aspiring to be that.
I'd get kicked out of buildings all day long, people would rip up my business card in my face. It's a humbling business to be in. But I knew I could sell and I knew I wanted to sell something I had created. I cut the feet out of those pantyhose and I knew I was on to something. This was it.
People in the business will stay with you through drugs and alcohol and divorces and insanity and everything else, but you have a failure, pal, and they don't want to know nothing about you!
My business doesn't keep me warm at night.
I have always been a business person.
You can never get to a place of comfort in this business. As soon as you hit that little cushy spot, somebody's gonna kick you out. So I have a constant need to do it better.
I went onto reality TV as a business decision.
The Internet has changed the way we communicate with each other, the way we learn about the world and the way we conduct business.
In the end, the humanities can only be defended by stressing how indispensable they are and this means insisting on their vital role in the whole business of academic learning, rather than protesting that, like some poor relation, they don't cost much to be housed.
As Members of Congress we can now engage with our constituents via online innovations like the Huffington Post, while a small business in rural Oregon can use the Internet to find customers around the world.
I really don't think there is anybody in the business with better eyes than Elijah Wood.
Like any business, the oil industry runs on the basic premise of supply and demand. The more supply - the lower the price. The higher the demand - the higher price. In other words, the more people who can buy oil, the higher the price of oil.
Accept business only at a price permitting thoroughness. Then do a thorough job, regardless of cost to us.
I am especially grateful that I have been able to keep my own style over the decades, in spite of the many changes that have taken place in the world of fashion and in its business.
If you're an entrepreneur and you think that the president makes a difference to your business, you should stay at your current job.
It is an immutable law in business that words are words, explanations are explanations, promises are promises-but only performance is reality.
It's better to take over and build upon an existing business than to start a new one.
You can't run a business or anything else on a theory.
The worst disease which can afflict business executives in their work is not, as popularly supposed, alcoholism it's egotism.
It's a lot of work to keep reinventing yourself and coming up with new stuff, but that's what it takes to be in show business.
To me, the print business model is so simple, where readers pay a dollar for all the content within, and that supports the enterprise.
A belief in God is vitally important, not just in show business, but stability in life. You know, to recognize deity is the most important thing that you can do. I mean, it comes to the Ten Commandments. They weren't ten suggestions. They were Ten Commandments.
McSweeney's as a publishing company is built on a business model that only works when we sell physical books. So we try to put a lot of effort into the design and production of the book-as-object.
Our competition for American business is no longer in the next county or the next state, it's around the world.
There was a time in my life when I thought I had everything - millions of dollars, mansions, cars, nice clothes, beautiful women, and every other materialistic thing you can imagine. Now I struggle for peace.
Car designers are just going to have to come up with an automobile that outlasts the payments.
I hooked up my accelerator pedal in my car to my brake lights. I hit the gas, people behind me stop, and I'm gone.
I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights, so it looks like I'm the only one moving.
I had to stop driving my car for a while... the tires got dizzy.
I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.
When you are fitted in a racing car and you race to win, second or third place is not enough.
In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldn't have to ride around with jerks.
The greatest pleasure when I started making money was not buying cars or yachts but finding myself able to have as many freshly typed drafts as possible.
The cars we drive say a lot about us.
It's a never ending battle of making your cars better and also trying to be better yourself.
We approach people the same way we approach our cars. We take the poor kid to a doctor and ask, What's wrong with him, how much will it cost, and when can I pick him up?
It's like driving a car at night. You never see further than your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.
If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.
I had more clothes than I had closets, more cars than garage space, but no money.
Drive-in banks were established so most of the cars today could see their real owners.
I would have probably stolen cars - it would have given me the same adrenaline rush as racing.
My boyfriend keeps telling me I've got to own things. So, first I bought this car. And then he told me I oughta get a house. 'Why a house?' 'Well, you gotta have a place to park the car.'
Americans are the only people in the world known to me whose status anxiety prompts them to advertise their college and university affiliations in the rear window of their automobiles.
When it comes to cars, only two varieties of people are possible - cowards and fools.
Perhaps people, and kids especially, are spoiled today, because all the kids today have cars, it seems. When I was young you were lucky to have a bike.
But my passion is racing cars. It's what I like to do in my off time.
My mom said the only reason men are alive is for lawn care and vehicle maintenance.
But to personally satisfy my own adrenalin needs, I've been racing cars a little bit, which has been fun.
I have a need to make these sorts of connections literal sometimes, and a vehicle often helps to do that. I have a relationship to car culture. It isn't really about loving cars. It's sort of about needing them.
There's three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars.
The automobile engine will come, and then I will consider my life's work complete.
I think we have to act like stars because it is expected of us. So we drive our big cars and live in our smart houses.
We need to become good citizens in the global village, instead of competing. What are we competing for - to drive more cars, eat more steaks? That will destroy the world.
I love fast cars... and to go too fast in them.
We're just into toys, whether it's motorcycles or race cars or computers. I've got the Palm Pilot right here with me, I've got the world's smallest phone. Maybe it's just because I'm still a big little kid and I just love toys, you know?
I would never kill a living thing, although I probably have inadvertently while driving automobiles.
See, what you're meant to do when you have a mid-life crisis is buy a fast car, aren't you? Well, I've always had fast cars. It's not that. It's the fear that you're past your best. It's the fear that the stuff you've done in the past is your best work.
You have to wait six months to purchase a fuel efficient automobile made from overseas.
I had never been able to get a car that said how much I cared about the environment until I drove electric.
Fast cars are my only vice.
Family trips to Yellowstone and to what are now national parks in Southern Utah, driving the primitive roads and cars of that day, were real adventures.
I've got two old Volvos, two old Subarus, and an old Ford Ranger. If you've got an old car, you've gotta have at least several old cars, 'cause one's always gonna be in the garage.
Societies need rules that make no sense for individuals. For example, it makes no difference whether a single car drives on the left or on the right. But it makes all the difference when there are many cars!
I've always had an inquisitive mind about everything from flowers to television sets to motor cars. Always pulled them apart - couldn't put 'em back, but always extremely interested in how things work.
We often attribute 'understanding' and other cognitive predicates by metaphor and analogy to cars, adding machines, and other artifacts, but nothing is proved by such attributions.
You talk about German technocracy and you get automobiles.
Well, I always had a chauffer, because I have never driven a car in my life. I still can't drive.
No illusion is more crucial than the illusion that great success and huge money buy you immunity from the common ills of mankind, such as cars that won't start.
Ikea people do not drive flashy cars or stay at luxury hotels.
The automobile, both a cause and an effect of this decentralization, is ideally suited for our vast landscape and our generally confused and contrary commuting patterns.
I admit to wasting my life messing around with fast cars and motorcycles.
More books, more racing and more foolishness with cars and motorcycles are in the works.
A car for every purse and purpose.
Not having to own a car has made me realize what a waste of time the automobile is.
Environmentalists have a very conflicted relationship with their cars.
Remote villages and communities have lost their identity, and their peace and charm have been sacrificed to that worst of abominations, the automobile.
Life is a gamble. You can get hurt, but people die in plane crashes, lose their arms and legs in car accidents people die every day. Same with fighters: some die, some get hurt, some go on. You just don't let yourself believe it will happen to you.
America... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable.
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
Campaign behavior for wives: Always be on time. Do as little talking as humanly possible. Lean back in the parade car so everybody can see the president.
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
Never have more children than you have car windows.
What Englishman will give his mind to politics as long as he can afford to keep a motor car?
Most people have no concept of how an automatic transmission works, yet they know how to drive a car. You don't have to study physics to understand the laws of motion to drive a car. You don't have to understand any of this stuff to use Macintosh.
I know a lot about cars, man. I can look at any car's headlights and tell you exactly which way it's coming.
I miss Saturday morning, rolling out of bed, not shaving, getting into my car with my girls, driving to the supermarket, squeezing the fruit, getting my car washed, taking walks.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.
When a man opens a car door for his wife, it's either a new car or a new wife.
My kids always perceived the bathroom as a place where you wait it out until all the groceries are unloaded from the car.
I have an answering machine in my car. It says, I'm home now. But leave a message and I'll call when I'm out.
Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance.
Onion rings in the car cushions do not improve with time.
It goes without saying that you should never have more children than you have car windows.
I had a friend who was a clown. When he died, all his friends went to the funeral in one car.
I rememeber one time we were getting ready to go to South America and everything was packed up and in the car ready to go and I hid and I was crying because I really did not want to go, I wanted to play. I did not want to go.
My wife wants sex in the back of the car and she wants me to drive.
I play the harmonica. The only way I can play is if I get my car going really fast, and stick it out the window.
I have bad reflexes. I was once run over by a car being pushed by two guys.
(On seeing a former lover for the first time in years) I thought I told you to wait in the car.
Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car.
A car is useless in New York, essential everywhere else. The same with good manners.
We're in a giant car heading towards a brick wall and everyone's arguing over where they're going to sit.
Dogs feel very strongly that they should always go with you in the car, in case the need should arise for them to bark violently at nothing right in your ear.
When you first get money, you buy all these things so no one thinks you're mean, and you spread it around. You get a chauffeur and you find yourself thrown around the back of this car and you think, I was happier when I had my own little car! I could drive myself!
Design can never be an ultimate explanation for anything. It can only be a proximate explanation. A plane or a car is explained by a designer but that's because the designer himself, the engineer, is explained by natural selection.
To attract men, I wear a perfume called 'New Car Interior.'
I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.'
American stuntmen are smart - they think about safety. When they do a jump in a car, they calculate everything: the speed, the distance... But in Hong Kong, we don't know how to count. Everything we do is a guess. If you've got the guts, you do it. All of my stuntmen have gotten hurt.
It seems to me I spent my life in car pools, but you know, that's how I kept track of what was going on.
Going to church doesn't make you any more a Christian than going to the garage makes you a car.
Canadians can easily 'pass for American' as long as we don't accidentally use metric measurements or apologize when hit by a car.
And suddenly I realised that I was no longer driving the car consciously. I was driving it by a kind of instinct, only I was in a different dimension.
I was already on pole, then by half a second and then one second and I just kept going. Suddenly I was nearly two seconds faster than anybody else, including my team mate with the same car.
White is actually one of my favorite colors. I have a white car. I love white.
My brother was a lifeguard in a car wash.
I'm gonna be making records anyway, even if I had to sell 'em out of the trunk of my car. I'm that kind of musician and singer.
Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? It's great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out, but I'm not complaining,... Those who find growing old terrible are people who haven't done what they wanted with their lives.
Many highly intelligent people are poor thinkers. Many people of average intelligence are skilled thinkers. The power of a car is separate from the way the car is driven.
If you think Abraham Lincoln became famous for inventing the town car, it is time to spend a few hours on history.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
I want a pit crew... I hate the procedure I currently have to go through when I have car problems.
A dream without ambition is like a car without gas... you're not going anywhere.
Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
I know a man who doesn't pay to have his trash taken out. How does he get rid of his trash? He gift wraps it, and puts in into an unlocked car.
I don't want to argue with my wife about her car - or my driving.
People and squirrels are very different. Most people will not argue that. But I find that there is one situation in which they're very similar. And that is: when I am driving towards them in my car. Then they're kind of hard to tell apart - especially if the human is kind of hairy.
Shutting off the thought process is not rejuvenating the mind is like a car battery - it recharges by running.
The first real thought that I had of something that I might do was to write for car magazines, because I always had a car thing.
The hydrogen powered car, with its high fuel mileage and zero emission rate, is just one example of the products under development that will help increase our energy independence.
A lot of fun stuff happens when you go out on a bike compared to when you're in a car. You're more in the environment. It's enjoyable. Even when It's raining It's still fun.
You don't have to carry a designer bag that costs more than a car to look cool.
Drug misuse is not a disease, it is a decision, like the decision to step out in front of a moving car. You would call that not a disease but an error of judgment.
It all happened so fast. The ghetto. The deportation. The sealed cattle car. The fiery altar upon which the history of our people and the future of mankind were meant to be sacrificed.
I race to win. If I am on the bike or in a car it will always be the same.
As soon as I get my car I think I'll be going to the cinema more. Since I don't go very often, there are no films that are a must see at the moment. I usually wait till they come out on DVD.
It's shocking to say, but the cinema is quite a while away from me, and I haven't got a car yet.
You're safer in the race car than you are in cars going to and from the track.
I'm sort of like a lame, single guy in a red sports car.
Whenever I have bid a hasty goodbye to a loved one, I've always made sure that my record collection was safely stored away in the boot of the car.
I couldn't find the sports car of my dreams, so I built it myself.
To this day, I am the least materialistic person I know, because my father didn't raise me to just go out and buy this or that car. The only reason I wanted to make money as an actor was because I'm passionate about food!
I've spent more on my Dodger tickets that I did on my car.
I remember driving to North Carolina when I was a little girl in a snowstorm to get down to my mom's family in the Carolinas. There were chains on the car - it was the late sixties - and we were just singing in the car. Christmas carols.
My parents were what I like to call proper musical fans. Lots of Sondheim was played in the car.
I grew up listening to show tunes in the back of the car.
People who have car collections - I never understood that. I always thought that was unnecessary. It's not beautiful, it's not creative. It's just showing how much money you've got.
My mother was determined to make us independent. When I was four years old, she stopped the car a few miles from our house and made me find my own way home across the fields. I got hopelessly lost.
The car has become the carapace, the protective and aggressive shell, of urban and suburban man.
Mass transportation is doomed to failure in North America because a person's car is the only place where he can be alone and think.
I like the guitar better these days. I like the bass, too, but it's hard to fit a bass amp in a small car.
I want to let my friend Buster know that I would like to have dinner with him tonight. Does Buster work at home? Then how likely is he to have his cell phone on? Is he one of those people who only turns on his cell when he's in his car? I hate that.
Having played many roles of scientific intellect I do have an empathy for that world. It's been hard on me because flying the Enterprise for seven years in Star Trek and sitting in Cerebro in X-men has led people to believe that I know what I'm talking about. But I'm still trying to work out how to operate the air conditioning unit on my car.
I never listen to the radio unless I rent a car.
You can know or not know how a car runs and still enjoy riding in a car.
I don't listen to the radio very much, but that could be because I don't have a car.
There's a certain amount of freedom involved in cycling: you're self-propelled and decide exactly where to go. If you see something that catches your eye to the left, you can veer off there, which isn't so easy in a car, and you can't cover as much ground walking.
I went to Zimbabwe. I know how white people feel in America now relaxed! Cause when I heard the police car I knew they weren't coming after me!
I remember at the age of five travelling on a trolley car with my mother past a group of women on a picket line at a textile plant, seeing them being viciously beaten by security people. So that kind of thing stayed with me.
By far my most perilous assignment was covering a tank car explosion.
I don't run a car, have never run a car. I could say that this is because I have this extremely tender environmentalist conscience, but the fact is I hate driving.
The most important loan to pay is your student loan. It's more important than your mortgage, car and credit card payments. You cannot discharge student loan debt in the majority of cases.
You can find out anything you want about a car now, and especially every bit of information about the price, without relying on the dealers.
Buying a car used to be an experience so soul-scorching, so confidence-splattering, so existentially rattling that an entire car company was based on the promise that you wouldn't have to come in contact with it.
I don't want to die in a car accident. When I die it'll be a glorious day. It'll probably be a waterfall.
So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me 'Can you give me a lift?' I said 'Sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it.'
John D. Rockefeller wanted to dominate oil, but Microsoft wants it all, you name it: cable, media, banking, car dealerships.
I like the desert for short periods of time, from inside a car, with the windows rolled up, and the doors locked. I prefer beach resorts with room service.
I recorded a song called, I Fall to Pieces, and I was in a car wreck. Now I'm worried because I have a brand-new record, and it's called Crazy!
My grandma's the most careful, safe driver in the world. You put her in a rental car, and she's doing doughnuts in the K-Mart parking lot!
I accept the Old Testament as more of an action movie: blood, car chases, evacuations, a lot of special effects, seas dividing, mass murder, adultery. The children of God are running amok, wayward. Maybe that's why they're so relatable.
I have a car but it's not important.
Be able to back up a car for a considerable distance in a straight line and back out of a driveway.
Know how to travel from your town to a nearby town without a car, either by bus or by rail.
I've crashed my car three times.
I drive an electric car.
If you are a writer you locate yourself behind a wall of silence and no matter what you are doing, driving a car or walking or doing housework you can still be writing, because you have that space.
There's nothing wrong with the car except that it's on fire.
Many kids come out of college, they have a credit card and a diploma. They don't know how to buy a house or a car or health insurance or life insurance. They do not know basic microeconomics.
Forget the damned motor car and build the cities for lovers and friends.
I don't know how to drive a car.
I want a Mini-Cooper because it's fuel efficient, emissions efficient and all that stuff. It's small and better for the environment. I think that will be my next car.
I've never been to a race car race before.
I was hit by a car once on my bike, but I still rode home.
The world is full of abundance and opportunity, but far too many people come to the fountain of life with a sieve instead of a tank car... a teaspoon instead of a steam shovel. They expect little and as a result they get little.
The days when a car aficionado could repair his or her own car are long past, due primarily to the high software content.
I look away at car crashes, and I know people who look away at car crashes, because it makes us uncomfortable to watch other people in pain.
And that just shows you how important the car is in Formula One Racing.
I love sleeping in a moving car more than sleeping in bed.
The body is like a car: the older you become the more care you have to take care of it - and you don't leave a Ferrari out in the sun.
The newly decorated theatres produced things like car parks and restaurants, so you could have a good night out, quite cheaply without all that bother of having to go somewhere else.
My daughter Lila loves the smell of gasoline - she always says, 'Mummy, keep the door open,' when I'm filling up the car. I've heard it is one of the most preferred scents in the world - maybe that's something to study for my next fragrance!
Consider what kind of car you get. Buy cars and other products that have the least impact environmentally.
Once you become successful, people know where you live, the type of house you live in, the kind of car you drive, the clothes you wear, and so it would be patronising to go and talk like a welder. Welding's a mystery to me now. You can't go back, your life changes every day.
There is a limit to the application of democratic methods. You can inquire of all the passengers as to what type of car they like to ride in, but it is impossible to question them as to whether to apply the brakes when the train is at full speed and accident threatens.
Food is not just what we put in our mouths to fill up it is culture and identity. Reason plays some role in our decisions about food, but it's rarely driving the car.
Removing the faults in a stage-coach may produce a perfect stage-coach, but it is unlikely to produce the first motor car.
Buyers decide in the first eight seconds of seeing a home if they're interested in buying it. Get out of your car, walk in their shoes and see what they see within the first eight seconds.
I'm still that little girl who lisped and sat in the back of the car and threw vegetables at the back of her head when we drove home from the market. That never goes.
I want to be remembered for the work that I've done, rather than the car accidents that I've gotten into, the men that I've not dated - or the man that I have.
My first car was a motorcycle.
So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me 'Can you give me a lift?' I said 'Sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it.''
Is fuel efficiency really what we need most desperately? I say that what we really need is a car that can be shot when it breaks down.
Design is important, it's an important dimension in the car. It's not the only one.
I've got CDs in my car, listening all the time for that next song, because everybody's looking.
You sell a screenplay like you sell a car. If someone drives it off a cliff, that's it.
If a movie is really working, you forget for two hours your Social Security number and where your car is parked. You are having a vicarious experience. You are identifying, in one way or another, with the people on the screen.
I didn't come from a trailer park. I grew up middle class and my dad had money and my mom made my lunch. I got a car when I was sixteen. I'm proud of that.
Normal is getting dressed in clothes that you buy for work, driving through traffic in a car that you are still paying for, in order to get to a job that you need so you can pay for the clothes, car and the house that you leave empty all day in order to afford to live in it.
The irony is that it was tougher to rent a car from Cerberus when it owned Alamo than to buy a semi-automatic. To rent a car, one had to provide ID, a drivers' license, and get insurance coverage. To buy a gun? Cash and carry, from the back of a station wagon at a gun show. No concerns about downstream liability or risk.
Can you design a Rorschach test that's going to make everyone feel something every time - and that looks like a Rorschach test? It's easy to show a picture of a kitten or a car accident. The question is, how abstract can you get and still get the audience to feel something when they don't know what's happening to them?
The American Dream has run out of gas. The car has stopped. It no longer supplies the world with its images, its dreams, its fantasies. No more. It's over. It supplies the world with its nightmares now: the Kennedy assassination, Watergate, Vietnam.
You know what I really love? The CD players in a car. How when you put the CD right up by the slot, it actually takes it out of your hand, like it's hungry. It pulls it in, and you feel like it wants more silver discs.
My mother gave me this book called Feature Films at Used Car Prices by a guy named Rick Schmidt. I gotta credit the guy, cuz he gave me the most practical advice. It empowers you.
At a car dealership, the person who sells the car is the hero, and also gets the commission. But if the mechanics don't service that car well, the customer won't return.
When life was worrying about a car payment or a rent payment and a bill, you're so consumed with that, you really don't have time to know yourself. That's surviving and getting by.
The city needs a car like a fish needs a bicycle.
If you don't have the story and the unfolding of the trajectory of the saga, it's like getting in a car and not having any gas.
Anything that's different from your own realm of experience as a human being, whether it's driving a car or a boat, or using guns, anything that separates you from yourself and leads you more towards this character's existence is a big help.
I think you have to feel comfortable with your car. You have to go into turn one, every lap, with confidence. You have to be sure of yourself and your equipment.
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
My definition of a redundancy is an air-bag in a politician's car.
You must do as your people do. If my people are poor, I must be poor. People ask me, 'Why don't you find a personal coach or a private car?' I can't. Then I won't be part of my people.
I swear my car won't run unless I'm picking my nose: At least, I'm that superstitious about it, so I don't want to take any chances.
I think we're getting to the point where everyone's getting fat and everyone's getting allergic, or claims to be allergic to something and people can't walk from their front door to their car without a bottle of water in their hand because they have to hydrate every three and half steps.
A critic is a man who knows the way but can't drive the car.
Nobody's ever asked me to pay for a meal before I've eaten it, I've never been pulled over just because I was driving the wrong kind of car in the wrong kind of area at the wrong time of night.
When I saw all those other drivers, I realized that they wanted to win that money just as much as I did. But I didn't have to worry. A tire came off my car and I was lucky I got it off the track.
I remember walking the dog one day, I saw a car full of teenage girls, and one of them rolled down the window and yelled, 'Marc Jacobs!' in a French accent.
It just seemed too weird to me. I don't know, maybe they were smoking a joint in the car downstairs from their parents' apartment. I had to go that far to put together a scenario of how they could have possibly recognized me.
You want to make sure this particular car is going to please the customer and then you're going to be rewarded with something that is going to please the shareholder.
The bass player's function, along with the drums, is to be the engine that drives the car... everything else is merely colours.
I think I'm actually quite a materialistic person, I value what it takes to make a car or build a nice house. Money does change things, but how it changes people depends on how they react to it.
Sometimes I wish I could drive a car, but I'm gonna drive a car one day, so I don't worry about that.
The year most of my high school friends and I got our driver's permits, the coolest thing one could do was stand outside after school and twirl one's car keys like a lifeguard whistle. That jingling sound meant freedom and power.
The lead car is unique, except for the one behind it which is identical.
Either the car is stationary, or it's on the move.
I'm a car fanatic and each morning I wake up with a smile on my face, whether I'm commentating on the Formula One or at Silver Hatch racetrack in Roary the Racing Car.
Police departments no longer have to pay overtime or divert resources from other projects to find out where an individual goes - all they have to do is place a tracking device on someone's car or ask a cell phone company for that individual's location history and the technology does the work for them.
I've always been a bit of a car freak.
Over my lifetime, the car had actually transcended the fact that it is a car. It has become a venue.
Stay humble. Always answer your phone - no matter who else is in the car.
One morning, about four o'clock, I was driving my car just about as fast as I could. I thought, Why am I out this time of night? I was miserable, and it came to me: I'm falling in love with somebody I have no right to fall in love with.
When you put gas in your car you are making a political statement, because you are supporting the empires that control and continue the destruction of some countries.
A suburban mother's role is to deliver children obstetrically once, and by car forever after.
A muscle is like a car. If you want it to run well early in the morning, you have to warm it up.
It's like, it's kind of like if you ever had a car and it was a bit of a clunker but you love it, that's my show. It's a bit of a clunker but I know where everything is and I like it.
When I was really little I would sit in the back of my dad's car when he'd be playing old-school music. He'd turn down the music and turn around and I'd be singing and know all of the words but I didn't even know how to talk. From then on I've always wanted to be a singer.
Sometimes, when my wife and I were going out to dinner, I would take my laptop with me and work in the car, so as to take advantage of the half hour going and coming.
I've got Asperger's syndrome and I'm not a very good people person, so I've always been more comfortable around machinery. Not in a weird way - I don't want to marry my car or anything stupid like that!
My mother is a big believer in being responsible for your own happiness. She always talked about finding joy in small moments and insisted that we stop and take in the beauty of an ordinary day. When I stop the car to make my kids really see a sunset, I hear my mother's voice and smile.
I'm lucky because my dad taught me to be frugal and save. And that's important because I want to know that I don't have to take an acting job for two or three years if I don't want to and that I'll still be able to make my house and car payments and buy food for my dogs.
There are certain times I don't want my picture taken. If my wife's stepping out of a car and it looks like it's going to come out an indecent picture, don't I have a right to object?
I mean, you've kind of got the track down, especially with ovals. The only thing that improves is that when race conditions come, you know what to expect slightly more from the track and from your car.
I think that Indy is special to me. The greater the distance between the last time I drove an Indy car and the next time, I wouldn't like that to be too big.
On Memorial Day, I was out floating on Lake Norman and came across Denny Hamlin. We struck up a conversation, and one of the first things we were talking about was how much it helped him when he started racing the Cup car and how much it helped his Nationwide program.
Every time I get into a Nationwide car after being in a Cup car, I feel so much more comfortable than I did previously.
No matter how good you are, how brave you are or anything, it comes down to that car so many times. Not every time, but so many times.
I'm a big believer in everybody being themselves. If not doing a swimsuit calendar is yourself, that's great. But if doing a swimsuit calendar is yourself, then you should be able to do it. What I do outside the car adds to who I am and expresses a different side of me.
I think women like Ferraris. A Ferrari is everybody's car.
Freedom is not an ideal, it is not even a protection, if it means nothing more than freedom to stagnate, to live without dreams, to have no greater aim than a second car and another television set.
I started rapping before anybody had ever bought a car from it. It was truly about the art form and the culture, more so than now, where it's a successful way to make money. Back then you had to be doing it because you liked it.
Austin sounds a little bit like Aston Martin, which is the type of car James Bond would drive.
Racism has been for everyone like a horrible, tragic car crash, and we've all been heavily sedated from it. If we don't come into consciousness of this tragedy, there's going to be a violent awakening we don't want. The question is, can we wake up?
It was my father who instilled the 'never say no' attitude I carry around with me today, and who instilled in me a sense of wonder, always taking us on adventures in the car, never telling us the destination.
The culture is going into a psychological depression. We are concerned about our place in the world, about being competitive: Will my children have as much as I have? Will I ever own my own home? How can I pay for a new car? Are immigrants taking away my white world?
By the time the children go to bed, I am as drained as any mother who has spent her day working, car pooling, building Lego castles and shopping for the precisely correct soccer cleat.
I think we've been dulled by capitalism. We're just blobs now - we're so worried about how we can keep paying the lease on the car, the mortgage, the lease on the toaster and all that. You can't really think about much else. If you lose that, you lose the whole lot.
Before now, I've always taken my mixes out to the car and listened to them in the parking lot. I still do that, but more so now I'm listening to it on the Beat box, and I think people should give it at least a listen and check it out and see what it is.
I like structure - like driving: go past the school on the street, stay on the right side, no hitting the car, go in right, you'll see a big church, stop and take a left, and you'll have it. By doing this I'm giving a structure of life, a path of light, and showing what happens between me and me, which is something very beautiful.
I'd kind of like to have a classic old muscle car. I think that would be fun.
Once I accepted Christ I immediately had peace. I still didn't have a place to live, I still didn't have a car, but I had peace.
When I was a kid I got busted for throwing a rock through a car window and egging a house on halloween.
Sometimes movie-making happens like clockwork other times, like a car accident.
I don't put myself on Jeff Beck's level, but I can relate to him when he says he'd rather be working on his car collection than playing the guitar.
The thing people don't understand is that touring or travelling or whatever you do in my position means you go to all these cool places all over the world, but you see everything from a car window. You don't get to see much of the city or meet people at all.
I'm just attracted to playing people who are ostensible unlikable. That's not to say that there's something in there that makes you care. It might be that you just find them so awful that you just can't stop watching, like a car crash.
I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but it's motivational. I like old heavy metal when I'm outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me.
I don't actually own a car.
The only thing I do on a computer is play Texas Hold 'Em, really. Obviously my cell phone is a computer. My car is a computer. I'm on computers every day without actively seeking them out.
But I have a driver, so I can return calls while I'm in the car.
L.A. has a fantastic car scene and because the climate is so gentle, cars can last forever.
I'd really like to get the girl, shoot the gun, drive the car, have fun. I even have these kind of action dreams, where I'm the action guy.
I was raised in Chicago and I guess that was one of the special breeding grounds for gangsters of all colors. That was the Detroit of the gangster world. The car industry was thugs.
I sing in the car if I'm in LA, because you're like soundproofed.
In New York, you've got Donald Trump, Woody Allen, a crack addict and a regular Joe, and they're all on the same subway car.
In addition to this, they already have a fuel cell car on the road in Japan. It is subsidized from within the corporation because they are still at a high cost.
Toyota was the first to put a commercial fuel cell powered car on the road, and I have no doubt that Toyota will continue to be in the front lines in the development of competitive fuel cell vehicles.
I borrowed my friend's car the other day in an attempt to persuade my husband that we needed a car and literally this is true, in the first day of borrowing the car, I got three tickets and I rear-ended it.
I used to look like a deer in headlights on the red carpet. You step out of the car and it's bedlam. Everyone's got crazy eyes.
Well, I've been in a few car wrecks.
I don't want a flashy car, just something that would allow me to stop using the Tube. And it would be good not to have to rely on my mum all the time, particularly when I have to listen to her singing in her car.
When you read about a car crash in which two or three youngsters are killed, do you pause to dwell on the amount of love and treasure and patience parents poured into bodies no longer suitable for open caskets?
A life can get knocked into a new orbit by a car crash, a lottery win or just a bleary-eyed consultant giving bad news in a calm voice.
Home, nowadays, is a place where part of the family waits till the rest of the family brings the car back.
With all the hybrid stuff and things like that, I think that's a fabulous direction to go with cars in that sense. As someone who grew up around muscle cars, I'll never not be able to not love a muscle car. Not that I don't care about the environment, that's not it. But I adore muscle cars.
I don't even own a car.
Of course, I'm older now. I'm in a different place in my life than when I wrote the songs for 'Car Wheels' or 'Essence' or whatever. Different things were going on.
I hate fishing, and I can't imagine why anyone would want to hike when you can get in the car and drive.
I would make tea for Joni Mitchell or clean her car, anything to be in the studio and watch her work.
If any demonstrator ever lays down in front of my car, it'll be the last car he'll ever lay down in front of.
I am endlessly busy, bringing up five young kids, and trying to keep up with the three older ones. I still spend most of my life driving car pools.
Yes, I did and a lot of my friends who are in the same program as I were very much supportive, and the most important thing they said to me is do not let this interfere with what you have to do in taking car of yourself. That was the most important thing.
The people who criticise you will not be the ones taking care of your legs when you are in your wheelchair. People who never drove a car in these conditions, they just don't know.
When you're in a car which can win every race, or fight for a win every race, that is pressure.
We go through the whole season working on next season's car and developing the car and making sure we fit in the car and all that sort of stuff. And we obviously give ideas of what we would hope next year's car would have even if it's small things like buttons on the steering wheel and different positions and whatever.
We all drive differently and have different styles. For me I need a car I can develop beneath me and feel comfortable in. If the car feels neutral and unbalanced it doesn't work for me.
I need to develop a car and engineer a car in a position that feels comfortable for me, and I don't think anyone can do a better job than I can in that position. The problem for me is if I can't get the car there I do struggle more than some.
In the car and in front of the camera I tend to be very calm but behind the scenes I can get fired up and passionate, I just don't see the need to shout my mouth off in public.
The fast, flowing parts, the high-speed corners, that's where a Formula One car is at its best - changes of direction, pulling high g-forces left and right.
A lot of people think Formula One isn't a sport because everyone drives a car when they go to work in the morning. But we're pulling up to six G on a corner or during breaking, which is almost like being a fighter pilot. So we have to do a lot of work on our neck muscles.
When you're doing a TV show, it's not like you just shoot for six weeks and you're in an editing room with all of your footage. It's like a guitar or a car, you have to fine tune things. You stop doing what's not working, you work on what is working and you add things that do work.
Television is such an evolving medium. When you're doing a TV show, it's not like you just shoot for six weeks and you're in an editing room with all of your footage. It's like a guitar or a car, you have to fine tune things. You stop doing what's not working, you work on what is working and you add things that do work.
It's that I don't like white paper backgrounds. A woman does not live in front of white paper. She lives on the street, in a motor car, in a hotel room.
Most of us would never consider getting our car repaired without first receiving an estimate of the charges, but this is exactly what we do when we need to go to a hospital for treatment.
I grew up in Texas, and people love their American-made muscle cars there. I grew up around people who loved cars and took care of cars and my dad's a big car nut, so I learned a little bit about cars - how to love them, most importantly. I think that from the time I could remember, I've always envisioned myself in a vintage muscle car.
We talked about many issues, like welfare, is it the way of life or hand up? Talked about size of government, how much should it tax families and small businesses? And when we left that lunch, we got in the car and I looked over at Chuck and said, 'I'll be damned. we're Republicans.'
Sometimes I feel like I'm not only the engine but the caboose. I have to be in the front car and pull forward, and at the same time run around behind and push everybody along with me.
That's what I love. Not being interrupted, sitting in a car by myself and listening to music in the rain. There are so many great songs yet to sing.
I know I will die in a car crash.
I married a pretty famous girl, and when we drive through town there's usually a car following us, when I walk out of my front door in Chelsea there's six guys waiting for me.
I've tried everything other than jumping out of a plane, but nothing gives you an adrenaline rush like racing a car.
I take cabs if I need to get somewhere or I take car service. I don't drive, I wouldn't mind riding a bike... People think that because you become an entertainer you gotta have this rock star thug image. I'm an artist, man. I'm going to live like an artist.
The energy of the crowd is insane. Twenty thousand people. It's the biggest jolt of adrenaline. It's very hard to explain. You know the old story about the woman lifting the car off her kid? It's in that realm. You can actually hurt yourself and not know it.
The first time I rode a bike I was four or five. I crashed into the back of a car.
If one's honest about it, spending time in a car with children is pretty ghastly.
I lived on the top of one hill and the school was at the top of another hill. Nobody ever went to school by car - we didn't have any cars during the war. So that to and from school was itself a training.
It's a tricky place, especially the last sector. I wasn't happy in practice. I wasn't happy with the car and I wasn't happy with myself. But I always thought there was more in the car.
Qualifying is all about putting everything that you have and that the car has in one lap. It's like a rush, I really enjoy that.
All in all it was a smooth race, the car was very well balanced. I'm very proud to be the first winner here in India.
There is no secret, once we go to qualifying, we all seem to enjoy it. Qualifying is all about putting everything that you have and that the car has in one lap. It's like a rush, I really enjoy that.
We always kept believing in ourselves and our team and the car.
I could never drive in a great big car people like me because I'm a man of the people, a hustler.
Life's too short when you find yourself sitting in a car for four hours every day trying to get from East L.A. to West L.A. to Hollywood and then back to East L.A.
I was an economics major in college, and every summer after school, I would drive my car from California, from Claremont men's college at the time, to New York. And I worked on Wall Street.
Divorced men are more likely to meet their car payments than their child support obligations.
When I climb into my car, I enter my destination into a GPS device, whose spatial memory supplants my own. I have photographs to store the images I want to remember, books to store knowledge and now, thanks to Google, I rarely have to remember anything more than the right set of search terms to access humankind's collective memory.
I own stock, and I also insure my car with Geico.
My next adventure will be being in a car with Mischa at the wheel.
A few years ago I was at a party and this guy threw me over his shoulder, ran across the street, put me in his car, and stuck his tongue in my mouth.
People go to car races to watch the crashes.
Everybody has a gun in their car in Detroit.
A woman is gentle, soft, delicate, and a man's position is to protect her, help her up stairs, make sure she's in the car safely first. Take good care of your woman, and the sky's the limit!
I'm a crazy car guy. I've got an airplane hangar full of cars.
We should tell our kids to just have fun, participate and not get bent on winning or losing. But every coach, when they say that, they say it tongue in cheek, 'Don't worry about winning': If you win I'll get you ice cream, but if you lose I'm going to pout in the car.
I have mentally overcome situations most of you would be terrified to ever attempt: heights, fire, needles, spiders, snakes, angry monkeys, being shot, being hit by a car, going blind - you name it, I have been in a situation where I have had to mentally overcome my inherent fears to do my job.
I'm starting to think about things that I want to do, things that are fun. One of them is driving a car like a Porsche. I've driven a lot of cars - sedans, trucks and big family vehicles all year long. But there's nothing like a four-wheel-drive Porsche.
I drank a lot when I was a teenager and I don't drink any more, because that's when I thought, you know, I'm gonna end up a car wreck.
I'm a big potato chip girl. I don't like chocolate and cakes and all that, but I have to have my potato chips. I've got bags in the back of my car right now! But I never beat myself up about it, because, look: You can't give up every damn thing. You need something in your life that you like just because you like it!
I've always been an avid reader. If I don't have a book in the car, I'll stop and pick one up just to have something to read. I don't even remember learning to read.
My work is more about trying to ask good questions and not trying to come up with big shows. Every fashion company is doing that, every car company is doing that.
Every song has a composer, every book has an author, every car has a maker, every painting has a painter, and every building has a builder. So it isn't irrational to take this simple logic a little further and say that nature must have had a Maker. It would be irrational to believe that it made itself.
Here's the thing that I think about life - if you manage to get into a space where you don't need that much, where the overhead of your life is not that great and you're pretty happy and relaxed without that much stuff, you are really liberated because you never have to say yes to something because you want another refrigerator or car!
The biggest thrill a ballplayer can have is when your son takes after you. That happened when my Bobby was in his championship Little League game. He really showed me something. Struck out three times. Made an error that lost the game. Parents were throwing things at our car and swearing at us as we drove off. Gosh, I was proud.
I'd like to have the flying car, I think that'd be really cool.
Anyone can write a story based on the kind of horror where you see a guy in car and then there's the bad guy in the back seat. It's infantile to rely on that for telling a story. That's like going to bed and thinking there's a monster under your bed. It's silly.
I think fear is what keeps us from going over the edge. I mean, as a race car driver, I don't think what makes a good race car driver is a fearless person. I think it's somebody that is comfortable being behind the wheel of something that's somewhat out of control.
I really enjoy not getting in a car and running errands on bikes.
To say that I am organized is an understatement, but my car tells a different story.
I lived in small town out in the desert and my friend used to steal his mom's car in the middle of the night. He'd drive over to my house, I'd sneak out and we'd go out to the desert and just burn things down.
So, I remember when I was a kid, I was waiting for my mom to come home when she was working late, and, you know, I was like, 'Oh my God, what happened to her? Is she OK? Did something happen to her getting in the car?' I was a little kid. But those are actually early onsets of anxiety.
In L.A., I don't really want to go out because traffic sucks so bad. I'm sorry, I'm not going to spend five hours a day in my car, so you have to choose where you live very carefully.
I quit after a bad car accident. The thing about boxing is that you can be a star for five or six years, but when you go back to the old life, it's tough.
A lot of the songs start with an image. I was sitting there playing the guitar and I pictured this old, dirty green car, with the window rolled down, in the hot, hot, hot Texas heat, and this beautiful woman I knew when I was a kid sitting behind the wheel, looking out at me.
I hate modern car radios. In my car, I don't even have a push-button radio. It's just got a dial and two knobs. Just AM. One knob makes it louder, and one knob changes the station. When you're driving, that's all I want.
I once went to one of those parties where everyone throws their car keys into the middle of the room. I don't know who got my moped, but I drove that Peugeot for years.
Come rain or shine I walk short distances rather than taking my car.
I think the Smart Car is awesome. The only problem is I've been on the freeway and felt like I was going to be blown away like a Tim Hortons coffee cup, so I may have to upgrade to a Mini Cooper - something a little stronger.
The way you continue to be a successful business is you don't wait for the car to go off the cliff. You have to manage yourself. And make sure you do it in the right way so you are not making decisions in crisis.
We each own one car, and we have a reasonable house. It's a lovely place to be, but it's not extravagant.
As soon as I began to earn what might be called fairly large sums, I bought a car and began to explore the country around New York.
If you saw a dog going to be crushed under a car, wouldn't you help him?
One thing that worried me was how writers get categorized and so they end up having to write the same kind of book again and again. That is fine if it is what you want to do, but I would rather be locked in the trunk of my car with a weasel than write the same book every three years until I die.
I've worked as a labourer, driven taxis and school buses, and been a car mechanic - whatever I could do just to get by. But it does mean that I know a little bit about a lot of things.
What I enjoy doing more than anything is, I have my little antique car collection, and when the weather is pretty I like to get out one of my old cars. I have a little route I run down in the country, down Nachez Trace Parkway. The loop down through there is just really relaxing, not much traffic.
I am a horrible visual artist. I can't fix a car, sew, knit, cook, etc. Statistically, there is more I don't do than do.
The word 'geek' today does not mean what it used to mean. A geek isn't the skinny kid with a pocket protector and acne. There can be computer geeks, video game geeks, car geeks, military geeks, and sports geeks. Being a geek just means that you're passionate about something.
A geek isn't the skinny kid with a pocket protector and acne. There can be computer geeks, video game geeks, car geeks, military geeks, and sports geeks. Being a geek just means that you're passionate about something.
In the heat of the Russian summer a sleeping car is the most horrible instrument of martyrdom imaginable.
When I grew up there wasn't air-conditioning or anything of that nature, and this old car had a wall thickness of about ten inches. So we had a little warmer house in the winter and a little cooler in the summer.
It sounds like something from a Woody Guthrie song, but it's true I was raised in a freight car.
There were times when I thought I would never own a car.
The image is where you have dinner at night, who you're seeing. It's what car you drive and how you dress. People in the industry sell that, and it creates a dream. There's nothing else.
I'm the one who gets called up about a problem. I'm the one who gets called up about the street lighting and the abandoned car. I'm the one who gets blamed if the police don't arrive. I'm the one they blame if a city truck is broken down.
You know, it's amazing. I don't even have a car, would you believe it? I had a motorbike and it got stolen last year. So I've got to buy another one of those, I suppose. I can treat myself to that.
I always keep a ball in the car. You never know.
I've made movies that cost less than one car chase.
Some people think my father was a spy, because of working for that government agency in Vietnam, but he can't find his car keys, much less keep a national secret.
All I want to know is that I can keep this house for the rest of my days and I want to make good music... and have the odd sports car in the garage, obviously!
It's not a case of 'look at me in my car' it's more, 'look at the car'. I like the idea of other people enjoying them, because everything has become a bit faceless and nobody likes the motor car any more.
All the times being like, 'Who rented this car and why are we going to this place?' You take the easy route and go, 'Oh, thanks for the champagne. I'll have another.'
You cannot expect the guy who drove the car into the ditch to navigate it out of the ditch. You have to put a new driver in the seat. I'm not saying the new driver is going to be any better, but we need a new driver. Kerry is the only choice.
The idea that maybe you don't have to own a car if you only need one occasionally may catch on, just like time-sharing caught on in real estate.
I have always had this mentality because I hated to break anything on the car.
One of my biggest problems this season was with the clutch at the start of the race. I hate to risk the car.
I don't like to go over curbs, because I don't want to be hard on the car.
You were not in control You had no visibility: maybe there was a car in front of you, maybe not.
We have an uncanny ability to make birds do what we want them to do. In Blood Simple there's a shot from the bumper of a car and it's going up this road and a huge flock of birds takes off at the perfect moment.
I took guitar a while back, and my heart wasn't in it at the time, but I'm ready to try it again. I sing in the car, at home - it's a huge part of my life, especially since I'm from Tennessee.
I love Lady Antebellum and Miranda Lambert - they write from the heart. But it's hard to find a country music lover in L.A. None of my friends really listen to it, and they hate getting in the car with me because I just blast Taylor Swift.
I definitely love that all these car brands are coming out with hybrid forms of every car that they have. It's very awesome because I think it does make a difference, and it doesn't hurt that you save a lot of money on gas.
I've always had an affinity and a passion for cars and that whole car culture.
I grew up in Texas and we used to go to Padre Island, eight hours in the car down to the beach.
My dad used to love Steely Dan, the Stones, Jethro Tull and all that. There was always Steely Dan going in my dad's car, but I remember The Royal Scam in particular because it has 'Kid Charlemagne' on it.
When I was in New York, I was making a living. We had a summer house and a car that I could put in a garage. That's something for a stage actor.
Your car should drive itself. It's amazing to me that we let humans drive cars... It's a bug that cars were invented before computers.
Consider the perverse effect cap and trade has on altruistic actions. Say you decide to buy a small, high-efficiency car. That reduces your emissions, but not your country's. Instead it allows somebody else to buy a bigger S.U.V. - because the total emissions are set by the cap.
Every summer my husband and I pack our suitcases, load our kids into the car, and drive from tense, crowded New York City to my family's cottage in Maine. It's on an island, with stretches of sea and sandy beaches, rocky coasts, and pine trees. We barbecue, swim, lie around, and try to do nothing.
I did a twenty foot print and John Cage is involved in that because he was the only person I knew in New York who had a car and who would be willing to do this.
I arrived in California with no job, no car, and no money, but, like millions of other girls, a dream.
I remember when metal was something you really had to search out, and now I hear it on car commercials.
You know, sitting in the car when they got back in and - first of all, it was relief. I was not - there were two get away cars or switch cars they were called. And, you know, the group tended to include everyone.
So much of life is luck. One day you make a right turn and get hit by a car. Turn left and you meet the love of your life. I think I made the correct turn.
The ought to be a worldwide cultural taskforce that just stops you when you have ideas like combining The Red Desert with an armored car heist movie.
Well, it is so difficult right now when you look out on the road and how fast people go and the more and more cars you see out there, for teenagers, you'd think a kid that literally, a few years before, was sitting back in a car seat in the back seat is now behind the wheel.
But I also like to shower my parents with presents. I bought them a beautiful car and a house.
So if you're a robot and you're living on this planet, you can do things that you can't do in real life - things that you wished you could do: like fly like have a car that flies like have furniture that is alive.
Going to car racing school was phenomenal.
A gun can be dangerous. But a gun can protect you, you can hunt for food with it - you know, the tool itself is a tool. The intention of the party using the tool is a part of the process, right? You know: the knife cuts the steak, stabs the person, saves somebody from danger, cuts somebody out of a car.
I've made club songs, and I've made radio songs, and I've made the car songs.
We need a number of solutions - we need more efficiency and conservation. Efficiency is a big one. I think car companies need to do a lot better in producing more efficient cars. They have the technology, we just need to demand them as consumers.
Twenty years ago, I was living in a lovely cottage on the edge of Dartmoor but I couldn't afford to run a car.
I don't want to be in my car all day. I love getting up in the morning in Venice and walking my dogs down to the cafe to get my tea, and then perhaps going to a bookstore and sitting and reading, then walking to the beach.
The day I won an Emmy was also the day my father passed away. I received a call from my sister on the way to the ceremony and had to turn my car around and catch the first flight back to Karachi.
Because of that I don't care when I read in the newspaper that I am colourblind. I went through a red light in my car and I stopped when I before a green light. So I must be really colourblind, eh?
The courts cannot garnish a father's salary, nor freeze his account, nor seize his property on behalf of his children, in our society. Apparently this is because a kid is not a car or a couch or a boat.
Mayors could never get away with the kind of nonsense that goes on in Washington. In our world, you either picked up the trash or you didn't. You either moved an abandoned car or you didn't. You either filled a pothole or you didn't. That's what we do every day. And we know how to get this stuff done.
The negative effects of combat were nightmares, and I'd get jumpy around certain noises and stuff, but you'd have that after a car accident or a bad divorce. Life's filled with trauma. You don't need to go to war to find it it's going to find you. We all deal with it, and the effects go away after awhile. At least they did for me.
In college, my big money memory was saving up to buy a car with my boyfriend, whom I lived with.
I think I'm pretty smart on what I spend my money on. I still don't have a new car, I drive my old car that I've had forever. But I bought a house in downtown Chicago.
I'm not a car guy. The subway gets me where I need to go efficiently and cheaply, and I don't worry about traffic.
When I'm in town on Sundays, I sometimes go down to the Central Bar in the East Village to watch English football. But my natural inclination now is to get in the car with my wife and kids and get out of town.
A man from a primitive culture who sees an automobile might guess that it was powered by the wind or by an antelope hidden under the car, but when he opens up the hood and sees the engine he immediately realizes that it was designed.
Because I'm a young black man driving a really nice, expensive car, I sometimes get harassed when I'm rolling through a ghetto neighbourhood.
I feel comfortable around every driver out there and each driver is in charge of their own car, but you feel very secure racing the competition out there.
This is like my dad's race team where we had one Legend car. If we wrecked it, we couldn't race the next week unless we had enough parts to put it back together again.
It's just that fun atmosphere, working on the car, being with the guys. This is exactly what I needed.
James Finch is exactly what I'm looking for, as far as getting back into the race car to have fun.
I don't have an interest in any car that isn't good for the environment, other than maybe an aesthetic quality in a picture book.
My dream car would be a Maserati. That would be amazing.
Parking is a nightmare for me... I still have sensors on my car that help me park.
People spend so much time in their cars, and it's a legal way to have fun by speeding a little bit or testing yourself a little bit, and you get to invest in your car. For some people, it becomes their baby.
I knew that by getting behind the wheel of the car and having had something to drink, the responsibility laid on my shoulders.
I remember that all of a sudden, the car felt like I couldn't control it. It was absolutely the most horrifying experience. We rolled over, off the freeway. I think there was something wrong with the car.
I will never have a drink and get behind the wheel of a car. It's not illegal to drink and drive, but there becomes a certain point where it does become a crime.
I never listen to music in the house, I listen to music in the car.
Investors have few spare tires left. Think of the image of a car on a bumpy road to an uncertain destination that has already used up its spare tire. The cash reserves of people have been eaten up by the recent market volatility.
Now having said that, I realize that releasing a film in the real world is like trying to get General Motors to release a handmade car.
Eventually I did that, but it took a lot of twists and turns, and there were a year or two there where I was living with no money at all - no home, no car, no nothing. I was living in somebody's garage in Los Angeles at that point - for a year.
If I test the car for a year I can be quite competitive the next season.
Have you ever noticed how nice people are at the car wash?! Maybe it's just me, but it makes me happy. Weird, I know!
It used to be that you'd have a song recorded by a major country artist and if it was a hit, you could buy a car. Now you can buy a dealership.
When I finish an album and I find myself listening to it in the car, because it makes me feel a certain way, that's the time to try to let other people know about it.
I don't think radio is selling records like they used to. They'd hawk the song and hawk the artist and you'd get so excited, you'd stop your car and go into the nearest record store.
I did a lot of gasoline commercials - Hess, Texaco. I was part of the family in the car, the little brat in the back.
I'm addicted to laughing. I go to see a lot of comedy shows. I'm addicted to playing really loud and obnoxious rock music in my car. I'm addicted to beautiful clothes and shoes. I just love gorgeous stuff and work hard to acquire pretty things, shiny things. I'm addicted to shiny things!
The thing about drugs and sex is that you lose all your inhibitions. I've had sex in trains, planes, wine bars... and quite a few car parks!
I'm not gonna ride home in the car. I'll wait for Randy. I think I'll get home quicker.
Boys, they can't take my refrigerator now. They'll never get my car now. I paid cash for 'em and they're mine, and I'm keepin' 'em!
The only way people are going to change their car buying habits, and the only way government will get behind alternatively fueled vehicles, is if gasoline prices continue to go up.
I allow myself one nice car.
A male gynecologist is like an auto mechanic who has never owned a car.
They put chains on me they chained my waist, my legs. Put me in the back of a squad car, and I literally blacked out. I didn't even - there's whole pieces missing.
I started out by believing God for a newer car than the one I was driving. I started out believing God for a nicer apartment than I had. Then I moved up.
Man, coaching is a hard job, and it requires a lot of time... I hear stories from coaches who tell me that players call them in the middle of the night not knowing where they parked their car.
I was a little different. I still say I'm a little different, because success to me is not having the most money, or having the biggest car or the biggest house.
I live in a kind of gay bubble. I live in a gay house, I drive a gay car. I eat gay food.
Faith is the substance of hope - of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen. So if you can hope for it and imagine it, and keep imagining and hoping and seeing yourself driving a new car, or seeing yourself getting that job, or seeing yourself excel, seeing yourself help that person - that is faith.
I'm gonna be the best dad that ever lived. I'll have a ranch with a race car track and a golf course.
When I was living on the street I would be standing out in front of Grauman's Chinese Theater, leaning against my car and signing autographs and nobody had any idea that I was living in it.
I remember my wife and I used to get on plane and see everybody else with their babies. They'd be putting strollers and car seats up above, and we'd think: Oh, please Lord, don't make us go through that.
I think there's a suspicion in the South of people putting on airs. You see it in most successful Southern politicians, but you also see it in someone like Richard Petty, who may be a multimillionaire stock car driver, but he's also beloved because he has a nice self-deprecatory way about him.
It bothers me when I hear it in a car commercial or some such. But for the most part, it's better than seeing sacred music relegated to the scrap heap.
The will is never free - it is always attached to an object, a purpose. It is simply the engine in the car - it can't steer.
I just completed a tour in Europe. I played every night. This requires traveling some days for six hours in a van or a train or a car. After six weeks of that, I checked into the hotel and just fell apart.
People would say you look weak if you're not cursing the opposition and driving around in a big black car while always wearing a tie. Above all, to be 'strong' you're always supposed to be giving orders.
If you or me go to the gas station to fill up our car and it costs us much more than we expected, it will zap our discretionary income. We won't have the extra money to buy that washing machine or new winter coat-all big ticket items that are important to economic growth.
When you're in a race car, you're going through so many different emotions throughout that race.
The problem is that the Iraqi people are facing atrocities from both sides - Zarqawi and also the American troops at times. The Zarqawi groups uses car bombs, the Americans use other bombs. You also know what they do in the prisons.
The driver of a racing car is a component. When I first began, I used to grip the steering wheel firmly, and I changed gear so hard that I damaged my hand.
Well, you go to Holland and everybody's on a bike - nobody would think to have a car.
If I start outsourcing all my navigation to a little talking box in my car, I'm sort of screwed. I'm going to lose my car in the parking lot every single time.
I think that people don't know how to do anything anymore. My father was a janitor. He could take a car apart and put it back together. He could build a house in the back yard. Today, if you ask people what they know, they say, 'I know how to hire someone.'
I mean, you have a general tone of it but it's pretty much you get to come in and you're going to flip this car and it's going to blow up and you're going to come out on fire and you go oh, that's cool, and then you get paid a lot of money.
No, in Lethal Weapon I was a taxi cab driver that Mel jumps in front of the taxi and pulls me out of the car and steals the taxi. Then I did some other indie driving for some of the car sequences.
So then I started doing a lot of episodic TV, just car chases or helicopter chases or whatever.
They had some really cool rigged cars and things that were different that they would tow behind the camera car that were actually on these trailers that manipulated side to side and stuff like they were getting hit, and actually put the actor right in the middle of the chase.
I don't own a car.
I'm calling from my car, I'm sorry, I'm like running around like crazy.
I really like listening to music in my car.
I think the true test of a pop song, for me, and I've talked to a lot of other writers about this, is you take your demo, you pop it in your car and you drive down Sunset Blvd. to Santa Monica, and that's the Hollywood car test.
I absolutely refuse to reveal my age. What am I - a car?
I only know it takes weeks to recover, as if one had been in a car accident.
Every little kid has always wanted to be a race car driver. This gets some of that out.
Space isn't remote at all. It's only an hour's drive away if your car could go straight upwards.
And I think that if I were a for real celebrity that was recognizable everywhere, I'd just crawl under a rock and you know, have someone run over the rock with a car, or something.
In the United States three new methods of transportation made their appearance at almost the same time - the steamboat, the canal boat, and the rail car.
Have you heard about the Irishman who reversed into a car boot sale and sold the engine?
I want do some kind of action movie, car chases and explosions.
Well, honey, I had the million dollar houses, I had the car, I had the horse, I had the barn I had everything. Was I set free? I didn't even know what that meant.
It was in San Diego and I was onstage and couldn't remember how to play the guitar properly. I was in terrible pain and my nervous system was just going wild, like somebody had just run a car over me.
The first trip I remember taking was on the train from Virginia up to New York City, watching the summertime countryside rolling past the window. They used white linen tablecloths in the dining car in those days, and real silver. I love trains to this day. Maybe that was the beginning of my fixation with leisurely modes of travel.
I listen to KCRW in the car and Pandora radio, which I stream through the stereo from my iPhone. I've been listening to everything from Caribou to Conway Twitty. If I'm going on a longer car ride, I'll download some podcasts.
ER was one of my favourites. I played a car accident victim who has leukemia. I got to wear a neck brace and nose tubes for the two days I worked.
I drive a car that has pleather seats.
In the history of the world, no one has ever washed a rented car.
As I was coming out of the closet, our car was hurtling over an embankment.
Some people say it might be good for your career to die and then come back again. I have died many ways, car crashes, motorcycle crashes, etc. But, I am still alive.
Dear motorist on the information superhighway. I'm sorry I do not have a car.
In the end I didn't get a top car any more. I had no toughness left. That was the reality.
Now, personally, I like a car with some sort of character.
The easiest and simplest thing that any one can do to make their car safer, more gas efficient, whatever - check the tire pressure.
It's not just the kid who's spent every penny from his job to upgrade his car to tell the world he cares about sports cars, it's also the person driving around in a fuel-conscious hybrid electric car, because it's more a message to the world than an effective means of saving fuel, to be quite honest.
I've been in a car three or four times when it filled with water and it's not a comfortable feeling.
You don't have to worry about whether the car is set up right or not, you know it is, and it's down to you. Ultimately, that's what every driver wants.
I am going to miss that time when you take that corner better than anybody else could have taken it on that lap or you do that great qualifying lap or you make that great pass or you bring a crippled car home.
Ford used to come to work in a big car with two Admiral's flags, on each side of the car. His assistant would be there with his accordion, playing, Hail to the Chief.
Acting advice is a bit like your parents teaching you how to drive a car. You know they're right, but you still kind of want them to shut up a bit.
You need someone to tell you how to do things like hitting your marks, or driving a car so it looks right or getting out of a car so it doesn't take a million years of screen time.
The thing about New York is you can leave your house without a plan and find the day. You can't do that in Los Angeles. You need to get in your car, all this, you can't just drive around like a lunatic. In New York, you can literally walk outside, and wind up anywhere.
The New Dealers have all left Washington to make way for the car dealers.
Is it sufficient that you have learned to drive the car, or shall we look and see what is under the hood? Most people go through life without ever knowing.
I was really into classifieds for awhile. I'm a big negotiator. My father owned a car dealership when I was younger... it's just in my blood.
We were racing at circuits where there were no crash barriers in front of the pits, and fuel was lying about in churns in the pit lane. A car could easily crash into the pits at any time. It was ridiculous.
It wasn't a secret that I was gay. I'd come out to my parents during my junior year of high school, on the day that I also wrecked the family car.
My health is wonderful. I work out. I'm working. Playing music. I have a beautiful wife, a nice home, a nice car, I got money in the bank. I got three beautiful dogs that love me. Like I said, I'm blessed. I survived.
I'd rather drive the yellow brick road, you wouldn't happen to know of a rental car place around.
The red carpet is kind of a surreal experience. There's nothing normal about it, so for me the most important thing is to maintain some normality right until the point you get out of the car.
I listened to it last night for the first time since we started this project. I went out to my car and put it in and went to an empty parking lot and just listened and read the little pamphlet that came with it. After two or three songs I burst into tears.
I wasn't going to get such a nice car - I was going to get a cute little hybrid or something, keep the trees happy - but then my grandfather died, and it was all: retail therapy!
As far as luxury goes, about the only thing I do is... I go first class all the way. I live on the road, so when I'm out there, I'm getting the nice hotel suite, I'm getting the luxury car, I'm eating the good food, and I make sure I take care of myself on the road.
I have very long legs and I hate driving anything unless it's a boat or an ATV in the jungle. I like to sit in the back of a car, where I can look out the window, answer my emails on my iPad, or hold hands with a pretty girl.
If I had done what I was programmed to do, I would now be sitting in a car factory looking at the sizes of wheels, or wondering how to get credit to start a new factory in Russia.
I have a new little stray dog that I've had for about a month now. His name is Mikey Mohawk - he's this little terrier with a natural Mohawk. My friend found him hit by a car on Pico Boulevard.
When I was little, I used to work with my dad on the engine of his car. Mostly this was a matter of me handing him wrenches.
The hardest part was when I was in high school not having a job and always being broke. I had to get to auditions without a car. I either took the bus or walked.
Accidents happen, whether they're car accidents, friendly fire, drug overdoses. Accidents happen, and they're tragic. It's like a bomb that goes off and pieces of shrapnel rip into the flesh of the family. It's the families that need the compassion, because everywhere they walk, every day, someone reminds them of their loss.
The fact is that a car used by Gerry Adams and myself during the course of the Mitchell review was bugged by elements within British military intelligence.
The percentage you're paying is too high priced While you're living beyond all your means And the man in the suit has just bought a new car From the profit he's made on your dreams.
Like all soul singers, I grew up singing in church but sometimes I would leave early and sit in the car listening to gospel band, The Blind Boys of Alabama. Hearing their lead singer Clarence made me connect the idea of church and show business and see how I could make a career singing music that stirred the soul.
As you get older, things conk out. It's a bit like a car. As long as it's something the mechanics can fix, you can chug on for a few more thousand miles.
On the dance floor, as much as you say, 'Ladies, you are the car. He is the driver. You can only go where he takes you,' they still try to be in control.
The same things we've done the past couple of seasons. We've worked on the engine and clutch. We'll try and pick up the performance and consistency of the car and go back out there.
We're going to test with the same car, but we have a new car ready.
I don't get rattled about the big things. I get rattled when I have to pick up my laundry, get gas in the car, pick up a script.
Indy car racing is much more aggressive.
The racing driver's mind has to have the ability to have amazing anticipation, coordination, and reflex. Because of the speed the car goes.
You are going in one second the length of a football field. That means you brain is receiving information from your body what the car is doing physically, bumping, balance, performance.
You have to visualize a second or two ahead of your car what line you are taking, what you are going to do, before you get there because it comes too fast.
You always hear the phrase, money doesn't buy you happiness. But I always in the back of my mind figured a lot of money will buy you a little bit of happiness. But it's not really true. I got a new car because the old one's lease expired.
I don't want to rap about my car. How generic is that? Be creative.
A paparazzo once jumped out of a car and started running backward with me. I slowed down out of courtesy because she started drifting into the street. I reached out my hand and moved her back so she didn't get hit by a bus.
I love singin' in the car, it just makes me feel good.
When I'm in the car sometimes it's like, 'Yeah, man, just put on the pop music.' You know what I mean? I don't want to listen to Tom Waits.
I've already established my (political)machinery. It's like a car. It's fixed already. You just have to get in and drive it.
I remember being at Greenblatt's on Sunset, and some guy just walked straight up to me, and he had some bling on and whatever, and said something about a party down in Malibu and asked if I would jump in his car and go to the party. All I could think was, 'Who are you? I don't know you, and I don't care about how good your car is.'
Should we have background checks, waiting periods? To drive a car you have to pass a test that shows you know how to drive your car safely, you should have to do the same thing with guns.
Growing up in the Midwest, people don't drive Porsches and Ferraris. They drive Fords and Chevys. And so even if you have the opportunity to buy a more expensive car, it doesn't occur to you because it's not what you relate to.
I grew up where my parents would literally shove me in the car rather than have to say hello to a neighbor.
I definitely I prefer to sing in the car. I don't sing in the shower, maybe its because that's the one time I don't need to talk to anyone so I should just shut up, otherwise I'm just, you know, jibber jabber.
Whenever I drive under a yellow light, I always kiss my finger and tap it on the roof of the car.
These songs are old friends I have entertained myself with when I'm washing the dishes, driving to the store and walking down the aisles. The ones that you sing when you're driving in the car and as a singer you always go back to them.
In Paris, one is always reminded of being a foreigner. If you park your car wrong, it is not the fact that it's on the sidewalk that matters, but the fact that you speak with an accent.
What Paris has done right is to make it awful to get around by car and awfully easy to get around by public transportation or by bike.
Later, my father died up in Marysville. So, my mother and I got in the car and came down to Hollywood.
You want to try and bring a character to life in an honest a way as you possibly can. It doesn't matter whether he's a doctor, an actor, a car salesman or a captain of a starship. If you can bring truth and honesty to that character, then your audience will believe you.
That's when it really came together for me that I was in a Bond film, to have my own spy car!
At root fame is a sham. I'm not going to live forever and if I am I certainly need don't you to tell me that so that I will buy a car or a box of dried up crackers.
When you're in the car, how well you do is down to you and you alone-no band, no management, no marketing.
The GTO is such an important car because it's a racing car and a touring car and that's pretty unusual.
In real life, one of my friends was killed in a car accident during our sophomore year.
I wasn't one to go out and buy a new car and stereo system and expensive clothes. My mom helped keep me grounded.
What's monotonous about being an actor and often makes me want to throw in the towel or drive a car off a bridge is the auditioning - the waiting around.
I'm ashamed to say this, but I watched every episode of 'Starsky and Hutch' as a kid. I loved that show, but now I think it's stupid - they'd have a car chase for no reason, then Paul Michael Glaser would shoot the car and it would blow up.
Especially in the car ride to and from gym. I find myself spacing out a lot, just visualizing what the Olympics would be like and just having such great role models.
Most women's pictures are as boring and as formulaic as men's pictures. In place of a car chase or a battle scene, what you get is an extreme closeup of a woman breaking down.
Here is a new car, a new iPhone. We buy. We discard. We buy again. In recent years, we've been doing it faster.
After wrestling with myself for six months, I began medical treatment. During that time I started a band with some friends of mine called Jack's Car, but that didn't last.
I once bought an old car back after I sold it because I missed it so much and I had forgotten that it never ran. It was a British racing car. You know, because I just wanted it back. I could only remember what was good about it.
You can't show me an ad on TV with hard bodies and say I have to buy that car. You have to tell me why that car is better and safer than another car.
So for a year I spent all my time hiding from Jack Charlton in the car park practising my skills.
So I did in fact spend two and a half years in the Middlesbrough car park practising skills. But if you spend four or five or six hours a day practising, you get better.
Driving race cars was an avenue for me to learn how to build my own car, and that was my ambition all along.
I've always been asked, 'What is my favorite car?' and I've always said 'The next one.'
The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it.
Every job has its downside. For example, being in a band the travel part of it - getting picked up from your house in a car, going to the airport, getting on a plane, going from the airplane to a van, then going from the van to a hotel.
Al Gore, the former vice-president of the United States, lives in a mansion that uses more electricity than the average family's bungalow! David Suzuki rides on a bus that uses more fuel than a Smart car to get across Canada! Oh my God! And this is just the tip of the vanishing iceberg!
Racing a thoroughbred grand prix car in front of a home crowd will be a surreal and mighty experience.
The preparation, commitment and desire to win will be no less than the last time I drove a grand prix car in anger.
It's sad that women characters have lost so much ground in popular movies. Didn't 'Thelma and Louise' prove that women want to see women doing things on film? Thelma and Louise were in a classic car they were being chased by cops they shot up a truck - and women loved it.
The very first time I was on a car in Atlanta, I saw the conductor - all conductors are white - ask a Negro woman to get up and take a seat farther back in order to make a place for a white man. I have also seen white men requested to leave the Negro section of the car.
I'm a car singer, in fact sometimes I pretend to take my dog out for a walk, and I'll just drive him around and start singin'.
My car and my adding machine understand nothing: they are not in that line of business.
I will argue that in the literal sense the programmed computer understands what the car and the adding machine understand, namely, exactly nothing.
I talk to myself, especially in the car.
You look at the steamboat, the railroad, the car, the airplane - not all of these were invented in the Anglo-American world, but they were popularized and extended by it. They were made possible by the financial architecture, the capital intensive operations invented and developed by the Anglo-Americans.
In high school, during marathon phone conversations, cheap pizza dinners and long suburban car rides, I began to fall for boys because of who they actually were, or at least who I thought they might become.
I hate to play the I-live-in-the-country card, but it really takes all of the 'pack the kids into the car and run from here to there' out of the equation.
Yeah, it's risky, but no more risky than driving a car.
A car to pick me up every day, a chair with my name on it, everybody being very polite... what can you do except sit back and watch it all, try to take it all in?
Yeah, well I think anyone who likes fast cars will love the Tesla. And it has fantastic handling by the way. I mean this car will crush a Porsche on the track, just crush it. So if you like fast cars, you'll love this car. And then oh, by the way, it happens to be electric and it's twice the efficiency of a Prius.
I look at the car park and myself and Dave Watson come in with our old cars, and these young lads come in with their new Porches. I think that society has changed, there seems to be a lack of respect nowadays.
There are people who own cars and are getting free cell phones. A car helps one find a job, too. Where do you draw the line?
See, what you're meant to do when you have a mid-life crisis is buy a fast car, aren't you? Well, I've always had fast cars. It's not that. It's the fear that you're past your best. It's the fear that the stuff you've done in the past is your best work.
Every time I copy something, I can draw it for the rest of my life. But research is so painful - I mean just opening up a magazine looking for a picture of a car or looking out the window looking for a car is just hard!
I like to sing around the bonfire, in my car and in the shower.
Can you imagine a guy breaking into your car, and he steals your guitar case 'cause he thinks it's a guitar, and he gets it home and opens it up and there's a rake inside it, an electric toilet plunger and a dog skull? That actually happened.
There's a lot of stress... but once you get in the car, all that goes out the window.
I hate the outdoors. To me the outdoors is where the car is.
Men are superior to women, for one thing they can urinate from a speeding car.
Unfortunately we don't have all the bits and pieces on the car that we had hoped to have by this stage so we've got to make as good a job as we can with what we have and we feel we are doing well with that at the moment.
But now I feel off the grid. I feel that I am not part of the culture. And because I don't have a car I don't really go anywhere to buy things. In fact, I have been in a slow process of selling and giving away everything I own.
I've got a great team of engineers behind this race car. I've got a great bunch of mechanics that make it reliable. This car is developed to go out there and be better than the Reynard, and I feel that it is.
We're one of the forces that causes actors to fasten seat belts before they take off chasing the bad guy in the car... or removes some of the cigarette smoking on television.
I promise you a police car on every sidewalk.
The car is a character in the piece - I've never liked the car, I submitted to it's objectionable popularity.
I can't find my car keys in the morning. Trying to get out of my house is a nightmare. 'Where's my wallet? Where are my keys? I have to go find a missing person.'
I get bored. We seem to have been having a little bit more time off this winter than last winter. I'm always itching to get back in the car. It's going to get harder, so I've got to make sure that I'm doing everything I possibly can do to make sure I can start next season how I ended this season.
Then as everything, like I say, things started to come together, when things started to go our way, that's when you results started to come. I was no different driver. I was certainly learning every time I went in the car.
I don't drive around London much. Any journey around Islington involves hundreds of speed bumps that seem to tear the bottom of your car off.
Being an actress is similar to trying to fit in with the popular kids in high school. You're expected to drive the right car, wear the right clothes and say the right things.
There's an unseen force which lets birds know when you've just washed your car.
A guy came to the shop every day. A lot of guys put the foam like stuff that forms to you, kinda like the Indy car guys run. He fitted it up and it felt real good, so we're going to try to run it.
Luck, like a Russian car, generally only works if you push it.
When I'm in the car and somebody comes on the radio singing the high notes, I try to sing along.
Competition among insurers would bring down the cost of health care insurance, just as it brings down the cost of car or homeowners insurance.
So the first thing that I thought about was, 'How is this car going to handle?' But then after I'd been driving with it and practicing with it and I accomplished that, then I just kind of sat back.
We don't have any CGI with any of the car stuff. I think it's a real experience when you see this car going through really fast really wild and you see me driving a lot of the times and also a big chase in downtown Atlanta. It's just incredible.
I've still got that little freedom part of me that wants to have a car that looks really sexy.
I haven't got a car or a house. I've got a wife, but I didn't pay for her! I spend all my money on my glorious wife. She's here with a knife at my throat!
I had some vague memory of visiting Canberra as a lad, when we came up with my father by car. But when I made the long train journey from Sydney to Canberra and arrived at the little stop, I did wonder slightly whether this really was the national capital.
Normally in dangerous situations I have a getaway car.
Doorman - a genius who can open the door of your car with one hand, help you in with the other, and still have one left for the tip.
We also listen to PJ Harvey a lot of driving music. You need something a little more relaxing in the car.
I never had the high-paying job or the company car. It took me over a decade to pay off my student loans. I never had to worry about where to dock my yacht to reduce my taxes.
It's like, once you've seen Tom Hanks win the Golden Globes, the Oscars, you've seen his wife, what kind of car he drives, when you watch his movies, you can't fully get really lost in them.
When I was a kid, the only way I saw movies was from the back seat of my family's car at the drive-in.
The trick at Le Mans is to get the car 'in the window.' Everything is critical: the tyre pressure, the brake temperature, and that means you have to push the car a lot to get it into the window - it's about getting everything to work right and getting the car to flow through the corners.
I like to sing in the car with the windows rolled down and hair blowing all over my face.
It's funny I'm in some ways hopelessly masculine, but I don't fish, I don't hunt, I'm not that into sports. I can't fix a car. I think it's my point of view and the way I see the world.
On one level, nothing's really changed in my life. I still drive my daughter in the car pool on Monday. But it's impossible not to be aware of this rush of attention it's impossible not to be seduced by it once you've entered into it, seduced by being unhappy when the attention wanes.
He leaned about the same way in falling towards Jacqueline, forward, down towards the bottom of the car.
Yes, sir, a patrol car came and took me down to a station where they were trying to develop films, but they hadn't got the facilities to develop colored film.
But once you have satisfied your material needs, which I think every wealth creator should - the house, the car, the plane, the boat - what comes next?
I worked for this company that repossessed cars. Sure enough, the day after I quit, they repossessed my car, but that would probably be my strangest job to date. You have to work your way up to become a hardcore repo man.
I sing both in my shower and in my car, mostly in my car, because I have this weird thing - whenever I'm singing to the radio - my friends kind of hate it - but I pick out the harmonies in my head, and I'm singing the harmonies to the tracks and I'm jamming it out.
I remember when I started off, my first car was a Kia Spectra. With a spoiler kit and some rims.
Driving with one foot on the accelerator and the other on the brake is likely to get you nowhere, but certainly will burn out vital parts of your car. Similarly, cutting taxes on the middle class, but increasing them on the 'rich' is likely to result in an economic burnout.
I can change a tire, but I couldn't change a fuse on the computer panel on my car.
I enjoy trying to develop a car and Mercedes are one of the biggest car manufacturers in the world.
I will stay in the car until the last minute that I'm going to jump out and do a standup or jump out and do some interviews.
When women break that taboo and they're not afraid to drive that car by herself - that's it. Now she has the guts to speak up for herself and take action.
For an actor, you're rejected eight or ten times a day. All you've got to sell is yourself. You're not selling products, they're not turning down a car, they're turning you down. Most people can't handle that. Most people are essentially not set up that way.
In life, you need a house and a car. After that, you have a choice.
A man sits in his car at the traffic lights, waiting for them to go green.
Discount air fares, a car in every parking space and the interstate highway system have made every place accessible - and every place alike.
At the end of the day, my natural habitat is in a car and I am happiest in that environment.
I think it's particularly a distinctively American concept that resonates with American culture through biker culture. A motorcycle is an independent thing. You're like, 'I don't want to ride in a car with this person. I want to be independent and ride by myself. But, let's ride in a group. Let's be independent, together.'
Get in the race car do what I do then go home. We don't have freedom to do anything anymore.
I compare it to being in a car accident. There's so much adrenaline rushing through you that you remember being in the accident but you don't remember any of the details.
I assure you that the training that you get in a midget, in a sprint car and perhaps in a Silver Crown car is really the kind of experience that makes you into a damn good race driver.
It's a massive motor in a tiny, lightweight car.
Those youngsters go out there and set a record and clinch the pole position. But what do you do if you wreck your car. That record doesn't spend too well.
I remember things that happened sixty years ago, but if you ask me where I left my car keys five minutes ago, that's sometimes a problem.
I'm not a bad driver. And I never will be because I took lessons when I was quite a boy. I never had to pass a test because there wasn't such a thing when I first started driving a motor car. So I didn't have to pass one.
In the back of your mind, when you say you want to write music for the movies, you're saying that you want a big house, a big car and a boat. If you just wanted to write music, you could live in Kansas and do it.
A private railroad car is not an acquired taste. One takes to it immediately.
The car business is a lot like football. In football, you have to win once a week. In the car business, you have to win every day.
I am an artist. The track is my canvas, and the car is my brush.
He's computerized, but I won't let him come on cold. I created KITT. I understand the personality of the car.
If you don't drink, smoke, or drive a car, you're a tax evader.
I wanted to end my life so bad and was in my car ready to go down that ramp into the water, and I did go part way, but I stopped. I went again and stopped. I then got out of the car and stood by the car a nervous wreck.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom. A man can't ride you unless your back is bent.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
It may be hard for an egg to turn into a bird: it would be a jolly sight harder for it to learn to fly while remaining an egg. We are like eggs at present. And you cannot go on indefinitely being just an ordinary, decent egg. We must be hatched or go bad.
All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves we must die to one life before we can enter another.
I'm not going to change the way I look or the way I feel to conform to anything. I've always been a freak. So I've been a freak all my life and I have to live with that, you know. I'm one of those people.
All great change in America begins at the dinner table.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves.
Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
To improve is to change to be perfect is to change often.
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living. Out of our over-confidence, fear out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope. And out of hope, progress.
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living.
A small group of thoughtful people could change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
If there is anything that we wish to change in the child, we should first examine it and see whether it is not something that could better be changed in ourselves.
Things do not change we change.
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
Progress is a nice word. But change is its motivator. And change has its enemies.
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever.
Change in all things is sweet.
Money and success don't change people they merely amplify what is already there.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
I can't really change my life to accommodate people who are jealous. I don't see why I should.
All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward.
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.
For changes to be of any true value, they've got to be lasting and consistent.
We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses.
It's the most unhappy people who most fear change.
He who rejects change is the architect of decay. The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.
Change brings opportunity.
Very often a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.
If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.
We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance.
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.
There is nothing permanent except change.
If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure. But unfortunately, although it is true, it is difficult for us to accept it. Because we cannot accept the truth of transience, we suffer.
Most people already know what they're doing wrong. When I get them to church I want to tell them that you can change.
Change before you have to.
Change means that what was before wasn't perfect. People want things to be better.
Change will never happen when people lack the ability and courage to see themselves for who they are.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.
One must change one's tactics every ten years if one wishes to maintain one's superiority.
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.
I cannot say whether things will get better if we change what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.
Not only is women's work never done, the definition keeps changing.
One change always leaves the way open for the establishment of others.
He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils for time is the greatest innovator.
Lord, where we are wrong, make us willing to change where we are right, make us easy to live with.
Our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time what we really want is for things to remain the same but get better.
True life is lived when tiny changes occur.
Change, like sunshine, can be a friend or a foe, a blessing or a curse, a dawn or a dusk.
Relentless, repetitive self talk is what changes our self-image.
Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes.
When it becomes more difficult to suffer than to change... you will change.
There are two kinds of fools: those who can't change their opinions and those who won't.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance.
Change is inevitable. Change is constant.
All I want to do is change the world.
Change is the only constant. Hanging on is the only sin.
Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly.
Future shock is the shattering stress and disorientation that we induce in individuals by subjecting them to too much change in too short a time.
In a progressive country change is constant change is inevitable.
You're only as young as the last time you changed your mind.
In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy.
Opinions are made to be changed - or how is truth to be got at?
If you want to change attitudes, start with a change in behavior.
The foolish and the dead alone never change their opinions.
Anyone who thinks there's safety in numbers hasn't looked at the stock market pages.
We live in a moment of history where change is so speeded up that we begin to see the present only when it is already disappearing.
Christians are supposed not merely to endure change, nor even to profit by it, but to cause it.
Change alone is unchanging.
To change what you get you must change who you are.
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
When you are through changing, you are through.
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.
Since we cannot change reality, let us change the eyes which see reality.
The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.
All things must change to something new, to something strange.
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change.
The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.
The thing that lies at the foundation of positive change, the way I see it, is service to a fellow human being.
Change is inevitable. Change for the better is a full-time job.
When you jump for joy, beware that no one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
People change and forget to tell each other.
True change takes place in the imagination.
To change a habit, make a conscious decision, then act out the new behavior.
I don't know if you can change things, but it's a drop in the ocean.
If you want to change the culture, you will have to start by changing the organization.
Change is such hard work.
What we call progress is the exchange of one nuisance for another nuisance.
If you feel like it's difficult to change, you will probably have a harder time succeeding.
The more things change, the more they are the same.
The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything... or nothing.
Change is not only likely, it's inevitable.
Could we change our attitude, we should not only see life differently, but life itself would come to be different.
Change occurs in direct proportion to dissatisfaction, but dissatisfaction never changes.
We emphasize that we believe in change because we were born of it, we have lived by it, we prospered and grew great by it. So the status quo has never been our god, and we ask no one else to bow down before it.
The world changes in direct proportion to the number of people willing to be honest about their lives.
Perfection is immutable. But for things imperfect, change is the way to perfect them.
As with anything creative, change is inevitable.
I try to contrast life today is full of contrast... We have to change.
Everything in life that we really accept undergoes a change.
I shall not change my course because those who assume to be better than I desire it.
Weep not that the world changes - did it keep a stable, changeless state, it were cause indeed to weep.
People want change but not too much change. Finding that balance is tricky for every politician.
Our fathers valued change for the sake of its results we value it in the act.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
The pessimist complains about the wind the optimist expects it to change the realist adjusts the sails.
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod my shadow does that much better.
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent that survives. It is the one that is the most adaptable to change.
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.
You change your life by changing your heart.
There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.
The Chinese government wants me to say that for many centuries Tibet has been part of China. Even if I make that statement, many people would just laugh. And my statement will not change past history. History is history.
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve.
You can change your world by changing your words... Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue.
It behooves every man who values liberty of conscience for himself, to resist invasions of it in the case of others: or their case may, by change of circumstances, become his own.
Chinese people themselves, they really want change.
I am invariably late for appointments - sometimes as much as two hours. I've tried to change my ways but the things that make me late are too strong, and too pleasing.
For time and the world do not stand still. Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or the present are certain to miss the future.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. That is something you have charge of.
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.
Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
The need for change bulldozed a road down the center of my mind.
I believe that you control your destiny, that you can be what you want to be. You can also stop and say, 'No, I won't do it, I won't behave his way anymore. I'm lonely and I need people around me, maybe I have to change my methods of behaving,' and then you do it.
The spirit of democracy is not a mechanical thing to be adjusted by abolition of forms. It requires change of heart.
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.
Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
You can't move so fast that you try to change the mores faster than people can accept it. That doesn't mean you do nothing, but it means that you do the things that need to be done according to priority.
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.
No change of circumstances can repair a defect of character.
Forgiving does not erase the bitter past. A healed memory is not a deleted memory. Instead, forgiving what we cannot forget creates a new way to remember. We change the memory of our past into a hope for our future.
Are creeds such simple things like the clothes which a man can change at will and put on at will? Creeds are such for which people live for ages and ages.
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
I hope everyone that is reading this is having a really good day. And if you are not, just know that in every new minute that passes you have an opportunity to change that.
For having lived long, I have experienced many instances of being obliged, by better information or fuller consideration, to change opinions, even on important subjects, which I once thought right but found to be otherwise.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
Character isn't something you were born with and can't change, like your fingerprints. It's something you weren't born with and must take responsibility for forming.
Wars of nations are fought to change maps. But wars of poverty are fought to map change.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
The faults of a superior person are like the sun and moon. They have their faults, and everyone sees them they change and everyone looks up to them.
Every human has four endowments- self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change.
But if nothing but soul, or in soul mind, is qualified to count, it is impossible for there to be time unless there is soul, but only that of which time is an attribute, i.e. if change can exist without soul.
We cannot change our past. We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way. We can not change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude.
People can try to reinvent themselves. I don't think you can really change who you are, though, because who you are is pretty much where you came from and what you've done up to now.
I don't think the human mind can comprehend the past and the future. They are both just illusions that can manipulate you into thinking theres some kind of change.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life and the procedure , the process is its own reward.
A man has a tendency to accept you the way you are, while most women immediately start to pick flaws and want to change you.
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
In times of change learners inherit the earth while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.
Education doesn't change life much. It just lifts trouble to a higher plane of regard.
Few will have the greatness to bend history itself but each of us can work to change a small portion of events, and in the total of all those acts will be written the history of this generation.
In order to change the world, you have to get your head together first.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors.
What I learned in jail is that I can't change. I can't live a different lifestyle-this is it. This is the life that they gave and this is the life that I made.
Music can change the world because it can change people.
Most women set out to try to change a man, and when they have changed him they do not like him.
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
The world we see that seems so insane is the result of a belief system that is not working. To perceive the world differently, we must be willing to change our belief system, let the past slip away, expand our sense of now, and dissolve the fear in our minds.
The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then I can change.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
Things don't have to change the world to be important.
We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten. Don't let yourself be lulled into inaction.
Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands.
Change is the end result of all true learning.
People always fear change. People feared electricity when it was invented, didn't they? People feared coal, they feared gas-powered engines... There will always be ignorance, and ignorance leads to fear. But with time, people will come to accept their silicon masters.
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next.
One of my favorite philosophical tenets is that people will agree with you only if they already agree with you. You do not change people's minds.
There is the good and the bad, the great and the low, the just and the unjust. I swear to you that all that will never change.
Change your opinions, keep to your principles change your leaves, keep intact your roots.
The joy of life consists in the exercise of one's energies, continual growth, constant change, the enjoyment of every new experience. To stop means simply to die. The eternal mistake of mankind is to set up an attainable ideal.
I never blame myself when I'm not hitting. I just blame the bat and if it keeps up, I change bats. After all, if I know it isn't my fault that I'm not hitting, how can I get mad at myself?
In my early professional years I was asking the question: How can I treat, or cure, or change this person? Now I would phrase the question in this way: How can I provide a relationship which this person may use for his own personal growth?
Complainers change their complaints, but they never reduce the amount of time spent in complaining.
If you believe that feeling bad or worrying long enough will change a past or future event, then you are residing on another planet with a different reality system.
Excess generally causes reaction, and produces a change in the opposite direction, whether it be in the seasons, or in individuals, or in governments.
When you blame others, you give up your power to change.
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.
Ask yourself: Have you been kind today? Make kindness your daily modus operandi and change your world.
There is nothing so stable as change.
I change during the course of a day. I wake and I'm one person, and when I go to sleep I know for certain I'm somebody else.
To change ones life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly.
Jealousy is bred in doubts. When those doubts change into certainties, then the passion either ceases or turns absolute madness.
I usually make up my mind about a man in ten seconds, and I very rarely change it.
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.
No one is in control of your happiness but you therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.
Change yourself and your work will seem different.
Be content with what you are, and wish not change nor dread your last day, nor long for it.
Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world.
Let me be absolutely clear. Israel is a strong friend of Israel's. It will be a strong friend of Israel's under a McCain administration. It will be a strong friend of Israel's under an Obama administration. So that policy is not going to change.
I don't care whether you're driving a hybrid or an SUV. If you're headed for a cliff, you have to change direction. That's what the American people called for in November, and that's what we intend to deliver.
For the first time in my adult lifetime, I am really proud of my country. And not just because Barack has done well, but because I think people are hungry for change. And I have been desperate to see our country moving in that direction.
I read and walked for miles at night along the beach, writing bad blank verse and searching endlessly for someone wonderful who would step out of the darkness and change my life. It never crossed my mind that that person could be me.
The whole course of human history may depend on a change of heart in one solitary and even humble individual - for it is in the solitary mind and soul of the individual that the battle between good and evil is waged and ultimately won or lost.
If a person doesn't change, there's something really wrong with him.
If any man claims the Negro should be content... let him say he would willingly change the color of his skin and go to live in the Negro section of a large city. Then and only then has he a right to such a claim.
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Man seeks to change the foods available in nature to suit his tastes, thereby putting an end to the very essence of life contained in them.
Now we're in the midst of not just advocating for change, not just calling for change - we're doing the grinding, sometimes frustrating work of delivering change - inch by inch, day by day.
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape.
Artists to my mind are the real architects of change, and not the political legislators who implement change after the fact.
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.
Of course, there is no question that Libya - and the world - will be better off with Gaddafi out of power. I, along with many other world leaders, have embraced that goal, and will actively pursue it through non-military means. But broadening our military mission to include regime change would be a mistake.
Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe loves nothing so much as to change the things which are, and to make new things like them.
The universe is change our life is what our thoughts make it.
We can have no progress without change, whether it be basketball or anything else.
God, give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, courage to change the things which should be changed and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.
In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.
Science arose from poetry... when times change the two can meet again on a higher level as friends.
Every great and deep difficulty bears in itself its own solution. It forces us to change our thinking in order to find it.
Don't knock the weather nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while.
I was willing to accept what I couldn't change.
If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character, would you slow down? Or speed up?
It is often when night looks darkest, it is often before the fever breaks that one senses the gathering momentum for change, when one feels that resurrection of hope in the midst of despair and apathy.
There is no progress whatever. Everything is just the same as it was thousands, and tens of thousands, of years ago. The outward form changes. The essence does not change.
Miracles happen everyday, change your perception of what a miracle is and you'll see them all around you.
This is the America that I love. This is a great people. We can do anything. We can achieve anything. We've got a government that has gotten in the way of the American people. We're going to change that in November.
Constitutions should consist only of general provisions the reason is that they must necessarily be permanent, and that they cannot calculate for the possible change of things.
Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks.
I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself.
Climate change is a terrible problem, and it absolutely needs to be solved. It deserves to be a huge priority.
Always Do Your Best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.
The simplest questions are the most profound. Where were you born? Where is your home? Where are you going? What are you doing? Think about these once in a while and watch your answers change.
Early in life I had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility. I chose the former and have seen no reason to change.
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons. Neither the offender nor the offended are any more themselves.
Favor comes because for a brief moment in the great space of human change and progress some general human purpose finds in him a satisfactory embodiment.
If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.
Only God who made us can touch us and change us and save us from ourselves.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
The challenges of change are always hard. It is important that we begin to unpack those challenges that confront this nation and realize that we each have a role that requires us to change and become more responsible for shaping our own future.
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.
Try to realize it's all within yourself no one else can make you change, and to see you're only very small and life flows on within you and without you.
I think it's naive to pray for world peace if we're not going to change the form in which we live.
Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.
It is absolutely impossible to transcend the laws of nature. What can change in historically different circumstances is only the form in which these laws expose themselves.
No one can persuade another to change. Each of us guards a gate of change that can only be opened from the inside. We cannot open the gate of another, either by argument or emotional appeal.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
Countries such as the U.S. and Britain have taken it upon themselves to decide for us in the developing world, even to interfere in our domestic affairs and to bring about what they call regime change.
People are always looking for the single magic bullet that will totally change everything. There is no single magic bullet.
Each child is an adventure into a better life - an opportunity to change the old pattern and make it new.
It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
Why does a woman work ten years to change a man's habits and then complain that he's not the man she married?
We are not victims of aging, sickness and death. These are part of scenery, not the seer, who is immune to any form of change. This seer is the spirit, the expression of eternal being.
A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves.
We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature.
Revolution, n. In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
In too many instances, the march to globalization has also meant the marginalization of women and girls. And that must change.
Often times when you face such an overwhelming challenge as global climate change, it can be somewhat daunting - it's kind of like trying to lose weight, which I know something about.
I'm one of those people who thinks that changing one's hair is the only part of the body that you can change at will.
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.
Dynamism is a function of change.
On some campuses, change is effected through nonviolent or even violent means.
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world.
I am an optimist because I want to change things for the better and I know that blood has to be spilled and disharmony and cruelty are necessary to do that.
It's good for everyone to understand that they are to love their enemies, simply because your enemies show you things about yourself you need to change. So in actuality enemies are friends in reverse.
All conservatism is based upon the idea that if you leave things alone you leave them as they are. But you do not. If you leave a thing alone you leave it to a torrent of change.
Company cultures are like country cultures. Never try to change one. Try, instead, to work with what you've got.
Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do.
I don't believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear.
Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?
Forget about the consequences of failure. Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
Man needs, for his happiness, not only the enjoyment of this or that, but hope and enterprise and change.
As a rock star, I have two instincts, I want to have fun, and I want to change the world. I have a chance to do both.
It is evident that skepticism, while it makes no actual change in man, always makes him feel better.
If we go on the way we have, the fault is our greed and if we are not willing to change, we will disappear from the face of the globe, to be replaced by the insect.
The 'self-image' is the key to human personality and human behavior. Change the self image and you change the personality and the behavior.
You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good life. Let me ask you to think of an alternative. Think of it as your ticket to change the world.
I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.
A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune.
The only difference between me and others is that they think they can change something with cute little poems, nice cards or embracing trees and being nice to little lapdogs.
Since change is constant, you wonder if people crave death because it's the only way they can get anything really finished.
Goals allow you to control the direction of change in your favor.
If you want to know the taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating it yourself. If you want to know the theory and methods of revolution, you must take part in revolution. All genuine knowledge originates in direct experience.
I think women should start to embrace their age. What's the alternative to getting older? You die. I can't change the day I was born. But I can take care of my skin, my body, my mind, and try to live my life and be happy.
A State without the means of some change is without the means of its conservation.
Those issues are biblical issues: to care for the sick, to feed the hungry, to stand up for the oppressed. I contend that if the evangelical community became more biblical, everything would change.
Happy he who learns to bear what he cannot change.
If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like this forever. Is that good news?
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
That last day does not bring extinction to us, but change of place.
It becomes more necessary to see the truth as it is if you realize that the only vehicle for change are these people who have lost their personality.
Taste may change, but inclination never.
Heat of blood makes young people change their inclinations often, and habit makes old ones keep to theirs a great while.
Characters do not change. Opinions alter, but characters are only developed.
We say keep your change, we'll keep our God, our guns, our constitution.
If you want to be certain, you should never get married. You should never change jobs. In fact, you might as well just stay home. Because I don't know anybody who is certain. That need to be certain is just procrastination.
Men do change, and change comes like a little wind that ruffles the curtains at dawn, and it comes like the stealthy perfume of wildflowers hidden in the grass.
The great secret that all old people share is that you really haven't changed in seventy or eighty years. Your body changes, but you don't change at all. And that, of course, causes great confusion.
A sense of blessedness comes from a change of heart, not from more blessings.
That sort of half sigh, which, accompanied by two or three slight nods of the head, is pity's small change in general society.
The future is not Big Government. Self-serving politicians. Powerful bureaucrats. This has been tried, tested throughout history. The result has always been disaster. President Obama, your agenda is not new. It's not change, and it's not hope.
Integrity is not a conditional word. It doesn't blow in the wind or change with the weather. It is your inner image of yourself, and if you look in there and see a man who won't cheat, then you know he never will.
My play Safe Sex was picked apart because critics thought it was untrue. It was a play in which no one had AIDS, but the characters talked about how it was going to change their lives.
Civilization exists by geological consent, subject to change without notice.
What looks absolutely fabulous in rehearsal can fall flat in front of an audience. The audience dictates what you do or don't change.
All the principles of heaven and earth are living inside you. Life itself is truth, and this will never change. Everything in heaven and earth breathes. Breath is the thread that ties creation together.
A conception not reducible to the small change of daily experience is like a currency not exchangeable for articles of consumption it is not a symbol, but a fraud.
The Roman Catholic Church isn't going to change its theologies.
People can cry much easier than they can change.
Both tears and sweat are salty, but they render a different result. Tears will get you sympathy sweat will get you change.
I can be almost terminally grief-stricken because things are so dire, but at the same time, there's a real lightheartedness about just the recoverability of life, of how things change, how they're not the same, ever again.
No art can be noble which is incapable of expressing thought, and no art is capable of expressing thought which does not change.
There's no reason to change what you are, but if you're not being you, then you need to acknowledge that.
Excuses change nothing, but make everyone feel better.
Any change is resisted because bureaucrats have a vested interest in the chaos in which they exist.
Know what's weird? Day by day, nothing seems to change. But pretty soon, everything's different.
Growing up going to Christian school and the concept that you're born a sinner and you don't really have a choice to change who you are has been hammered into my head and created the entire reason why I made art and made a band and made records called 'Antichrist Superstar.'
In the long term we can hope that religion will change the nature of man and reduce conflict. But history is not encouraging in this respect. The bloodiest wars in history have been religious wars.
To live is to change, and to be perfect is to have changed often.
In Britain, like most of the developed world, stem-cell research is regarded as a great opportunity. America will be left behind if it doesn't change policy.
I haven't got the slightest idea how to change people, but still I keep a long list of prospective candidates just in case I should ever figure it out.
As life runs on, the road grows strange with faces new - and near the end. The milestones into headstones change, Neath every one a friend.
One of the many things nobody ever tells you about middle age is that it's such a nice change from being young.
Satire doesn't effect change.
There are plenty of problems in the world, and doubtless climate change - or whatever the currently voguish phrase for it all is - certainly is one of them. But it's low on my list.
All change is bad. But sometimes it has to be done.
Such is the state of life, that none are happy but by the anticipation of change: the change itself is nothing when we have made it, the next wish is to change again.
I was married to someone who wanted me to change. Become more adult, more responsible. I began not to like myself, not like what I do. I lost my identity. Everything began collapsing around me.
Exploiting people's emotions of fear, envy and anxiety is not hope, it's not change, it's partisanship. We don't need partisanship. We don't need demagoguery, we need solutions.
Millions of young Americans have graduated from college during the Obama presidency, ready to use their gifts and get moving in life. Half of them can't find the work they studied for, or any work at all. So here's the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas.
The way of the Creative works through change and transformation, so that each thing receives its true nature and destiny and comes into permanent accord with the Great Harmony: this is what furthers and what perseveres.
I still believe that if your aim is to change the world, journalism is a more immediate short-term weapon.
As another has well said, to handicap a student by teaching him that his black face is a curse and that his struggle to change his condition is hopeless is the worst sort of lynching.
The hope and change the Democrats had in mind was nothing more than a retread of the failed and discredited socialist policies that have been the enemy of freedom for centuries all over the world. I fear America is teetering towards tyranny.
As you navigate through the rest of your life, be open to collaboration. Other people and other people's ideas are often better than your own. Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you, spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.
Change is certain. Peace is followed by disturbances departure of evil men by their return. Such recurrences should not constitute occasions for sadness but realities for awareness, so that one may be happy in the interim.
As human beings, we are vulnerable to confusing the unprecedented with the improbable. In our everyday experience, if something has never happened before, we are generally safe in assuming it is not going to happen in the future, but the exceptions can kill you and climate change is one of those exceptions.
We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends.
We teach people that they upset themselves. We can't change the past, so we change how people are thinking, feeling and behaving today.
Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while.
Words do not change their meanings so drastically in the course of centuries as, in our minds, names do in the course of a year or two.
Some people change when they think they're a star or something.
To me, eyewear goes way beyond being a prescription. It's like makeup. It's the most incredible accessory. The shape of a frame or the color of lenses can change your whole appearance.
I want to change things for the better, just like everybody else.
Do not let circumstances control you. You change your circumstances.
My greatest challenge has been to change the mindset of people. Mindsets play strange tricks on us. We see things the way our minds have instructed our eyes to see.
Negroes - Sweet and docile, Meek, humble, and kind: Beware the day - They change their mind.
Change of weather is the discourse of fools.
Ah! how annoying that the law doesn't allow a woman to change husbands just as one does shirts.
You know, I don't really do that much looking inside me when I'm working on a project. Whatever I am becomes what that film is. But I change you change.
The thing that lies at the foundation of positive change, the way I see it, is service to a fellow human being.
You don't have to be the Dalai Lama to tell people that life's about change.
I am not trying to change the world. I am just offering my gift that God gave me, and if somebody is moved by it, that's beautiful.
People are starting to go on about my weight but I'm not going to change my size because they don't like the way I look.
But I think talent as a writer is hard-wired in, it's all there, at least the basic elements of it. You can't change it any more than you can choose whether to be right handed or left handed.
There are many things we do not want about the world. Let us not just mourn them. Let us change them.
No change in musical style will survive unless it is accompanied by a change in clothing style. Rock is to dress up to.
People got insights into what was bothering them, but they hardly did a damn thing to change.
Change happens by listening and then starting a dialogue with the people who are doing something you don't believe is right.
You can change friends but not neighbours.
We like to think about how smart we are. But I think talent as a writer is hard-wired in, it's all there, at least the basic elements of it. You can't change it any more than you can choose whether to be right handed or left handed.
Ethics and equity and the principles of justice do not change with the calendar.
Swearing is industry language. For as long as we're alive it's not going to change. You've got to be boisterous to get results.
If people don't like me for whatever I do, for being me, then that's too bad. I don't want to change to be something that I'm not for other people to like me.
Strong characters are brought out by change of situation, and gentle ones by permanence.
In America the schools have become too permissive, the kids now are controlling the schools, the tail is wagging the dog. We've got to make a change there and get it back to where the teachers have control of the classrooms.
Hip-hop is supposed to uplift and create, to educate people on a larger level and to make a change.
In a free society, government reflects the soul of its people. If people want change at the top, they will have to live in different ways. Our major social problems are not the cause of our decadence. They are a reflection of it.
We used to think that revolutions are the cause of change. Actually it is the other way around: change prepares the ground for revolution.
Folks, the most insidious part of this whole health care scheme is that all of these vast medical expenditures will become nothing more than government budget items. We individuals will no longer exist. The relationship between a government and citizen will change forever.
We have domesticated God's transcendence. We often learn about God at about the same time as we are learning about Santa Claus but our ideas about Santa Claus change, mature and become more nuanced, whereas our ideas of God can remain at a rather infantile level.
We should learn to accept that change is truly the only thing that's going on always, and learn to ride with it and enjoy it.
We first fought... in the name of religion, then Communism, and now in the name of drugs and terrorism. Our excuses for global domination always change.
Opinions alter, manners change, creeds rise and fall, but the moral laws are written on the table of eternity.
I have always thought that change you can see and feel is best.
I don't think people change. I think they definitely mature. But I think the essence of what I am today is the same as when I was five years old. It's just maturity. I've become a healthier, fuller expression of that essence.
What starts the process, really, are laughs and slights and snubs when you are a kid. If your anger is deep enough and strong enough, you learn that you can change those attitudes by excellence, personal gut performance.
Well I do think, when there are more women, that the tone of the conversation changes, and also the goals of the conversation change. But it doesn't mean that the whole world would be a lot better if it were totally run by women. If you think that, you've forgotten high school.
While the river of life glides along smoothly, it remains the same river only the landscape on either bank seems to change.
Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others.
Ignorance is always afraid of change.
I'm a Gemini, so I change my mind every day.
I have always argued that change becomes stressful and overwhelming only when you've lost any sense of the constancy of your life. You need firm ground to stand on. From there, you can deal with that change.
Work and struggle and never accept an evil that you can change.
Men may change their climate, but they cannot change their nature. A man that goes out a fool cannot ride or sail himself into common sense.
Americans have so far put up with inequality because they felt they could change their status. They didn't mind others being rich, as long as they had a path to move up as well. The American Dream is all about social mobility in a sense - the idea that anyone can make it.
Change means movement. Movement means friction. Only in the frictionless vacuum of a nonexistent abstract world can movement or change occur without that abrasive friction of conflict.
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory.
The most useless are those who never change through the years.
Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant.
Those who visit foreign nations, but associate only with their own country-men, change their climate, but not their customs. They see new meridians, but the same men and with heads as empty as their pockets, return home with traveled bodies, but untravelled minds.
It is proof of a base and low mind for one to wish to think with the masses or majority, merely because the majority is the majority. Truth does not change because it is, or is not, believed by a majority of the people.
Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change.
Habits change into character.
Every daring attempt to make a great change in existing conditions, every lofty vision of new possibilities for the human race, has been labeled Utopian.
Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges.
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change.
I don't believe that if I came out as bisexual the world will change. But it's really important for people to be truthful about who they are and fight for equality. We need to help the world usher itself into the next phase.
It's time to get real, folks. Hope and change ain't working. Hope and change is not a solution. Hope and change is not a job.
As a kid I had buck teeth and braces and acne. I hated what I saw. I'm still not comfortable, but that's why I change and adapt the way I look.
Movies always are open to being remade because times change so much, and the tempo of movies changes. I think of it like a James Bond. They can have different actors play the same role... I've had people come up to me and say, 'We want to remake 'The Jerk' with so and so.' And I say, 'Fine.' It just doesn't bother me. It's an honor actually.
There is no such thing as liberty. You only change one sort of domination for another. All we can do is to choose our master.
Change is not merely necessary to life - it is life.
The range of what we think and do is limited by what we fail to notice. And because we fail to notice that we fail to notice, there is little we can do to change until we notice how failing to notice shapes our thoughts and deeds.
I know that my race must change.
Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.
There are things I can't force. I must adjust. There are times when the greatest change needed is a change of my viewpoint.
I was born not knowing and have had only a little time to change that here and there.
It's impossible, I think, however much I'd become disillusioned politically or evolve into a post-political person, I don't think I'd ever change my view that socialism is the best political moment humans have ever come up with.
When you are young and healthy, it never occurs to you that in a single second your whole life could change.
As human beings we do change, grow, adapt, perhaps even learn and become wiser.
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.
Only idiots refuse to change their minds.
You can't stay the same. If you're a musician and a singer, you have to change, that's the way it works.
All is connected... no one thing can change by itself.
For real change, we need feminine energy in the management of the world. We need a critical number of women in positions of power, and we need to nurture the feminine energy in men.
It is quite annoying that we have to change the sound we invented just to avoid sounding like people who simply copy us, but... it is flattering and of course challenging.
I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change.
Television is like the invention of indoor plumbing. It didn't change people's habits. It just kept them inside the house.
I told you I'm not going to criticize my successor. I'll just tell you that there are people at Gitmo that will kill American people at a drop of a hat and I don't believe that persuasion isn't going to work. Therapy isn't going to cause terrorists to change their mind.
No, I don't regret anything at this point. That may change on the next phone call, but at the moment I don't regret anything.
I went through life like an idiot for a great deal of the time, saying there's nothing I would change. That was a very arrogant thing to say. There's a lot I would change. There are people I would have steered clear of.
Political Correctness doesn't change us, it shuts us up.
There is certain relief in change, even though it be from bad to worse! As I have often found in traveling in a stagecoach, that it is often a comfort to shift one's position, and be bruised in a new place.
Remember, each one of us has the power to change the world. Just start thinking peace, and the message will spread quicker than you think.
If you're old, don't try to change yourself, change your environment.
The Framers of the Constitution knew that free speech is the friend of change and revolution. But they also knew that it is always the deadliest enemy of tyranny.
People change over the years, and that changes situations for good and for bad.
I don't think that a leader can control, to any great extent, his destiny. Very seldom can he step in and change the situation if the forces of history are running in another direction.
Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick.
Nothing endures but change.
Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.
If you don't change, then what's the point of anything happening to you?
Human beings are the only animal that thinks they change who they are simply by moving to a different place. Birds migrate, but it's not quite the same thing.
I've seen firsthand that being president doesn't change who you are. It reveals who you are.
It wasn't so long ago that I was a working mom myself. And I know that sometimes, much as we all hate to admit it, it's just easier to park the kids in front of the TV for a few hours, so we can pay the bills or do the laundry or just have some peace and quiet for a change.
Until we totally change the way we elect our leaders, until we remove private money from public campaigns, lying will be the de facto method of governance in this country.
Any revival in which I am involved is liable to change.
Only in growth, reform, and change, paradoxically enough, is true security to be found.
If you never change your mind, why have one?
I think clothes should make you feel safe. I like clothes you want to go to sleep in. I sometimes stand in front of a mirror and change a million times because I know I really want to wear my nightgown.
Actors are agents of change. A film, a piece of theater, a piece of music, or a book can make a difference. It can change the world.
Successful people recognize crisis as a time for change - from lesser to greater, smaller to bigger.
It is not to be expected that human nature will change in a day.
I have accepted fear as a part of life - specifically the fear of change... I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back.
I'm not asking any of you to make drastic changes to every single one of your recipes or to totally change the way you do business. But what I am asking is that you consider reformulating your menu in pragmatic and incremental ways to create healthier versions of the foods that we all love.
Everybody talks about wanting to change things and help and fix, but ultimately all you can do is fix yourself. And that's a lot. Because if you can fix yourself, it has a ripple effect.
The democracy process provides for political and social change without violence.
I don't have perfect teeth, I'm not stick thin. I want to be the person who feels great in her body and can say that she loves it and doesn't want to change anything.
I may be a living legend, but that sure don't help when I've got to change a flat tire.
A lot of people resist transition and therefore never allow themselves to enjoy who they are. Embrace the change, no matter what it is once you do, you can learn about the new world you're in and take advantage of it.
I'm doing it because I choose it. And if it's not working, I can make a change.
Our generation has an incredible amount of realism, yet at the same time it loves to complain and not really change. Because, if it does change, then it won't have anything to complain about.
A great revolution in just one single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a society and, further, will enable a change in the destiny of humankind.
The only sense that is common in the long run, is the sense of change and we all instinctively avoid it.
I do not believe in political movements. I believe in personal movement, that movement of the soul when a man who looks at himself is so ashamed that he tries to make some sort of change - within himself, not on the outside.
No great movement designed to change the world can bear to be laughed at or belittled. Mockery is a rust that corrodes all it touches.
I get satisfaction out of seeing stuff that makes real change in the real world. We need a lot more of that and a lot less abstract stuff.
Under Barack Obama, the only 'Change' is that 'Hope' has been hard to find. Now millions of Americans are insecure about their future. But instead of inspiring us by reminding us of what makes us special, he divides us against each other. He tells Americans they're worse off because others are better off. That people got rich by making others poor.
So here's the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?
Never Have Your Dog Stuffed is really advice to myself, a reminder to myself not to avoid change or uncertainty, but to go with it, to surf into change.
They say marriage will change you but it didn't change me. Being in love changed me.
The earth was made so various, that the mind Of desultory man, studious of change, And pleased with novelty, might be indulged.
I don't like definitions, but if there is a definition of freedom, it would be when you have control over your reality to transform it, to change it, rather than having it imposed upon you. You can't really ask for more than.
I got all the respect in the world for the front-runners in this race, but ask yourself: If we replace a Democratic insider with a Republican insider, you think we're really going to change Washington, D.C.? You don't have to settle for Washington and Wall Street insiders who supported the Wall Street bailout and the Obamacare individual mandate.
While a large segment of the art world has obsessed over a tiny number of stars and their prices, an aesthetic shift has been occurring. It's not a movement - movements are more sure of themselves. It's a change of mood or expectation, a desire for art to be more than showy effects, big numbers, and gamesmanship.
If the Frieze Art Fair catches on, I imagine at least two great things happening. First, we will once again have a huge art fair in town that isn't too annoying to go to. More importantly, Frieze may finally show New Yorkers that we can cross our own waters for visual culture. That would change everything.
We're all entitled to opinions about how art institutions should behave, and entitled to voicing those opinions through whatever means available to us. We're also allowed to change or modify our opinions.
No real social change has ever been brought about without a revolution... revolution is but thought carried into action.
I think the tiniest little thing can change the course of your day, which can change the course of your year, which can change who you are.
I don't know how I got to this point but it must be as a result of everything that has come before so if I were to change something, I might not be at this point now.
If you change partners every time it gets tough or you get a little dissatisfied, then I don't think you get the richness that's available in a long-term relationship.
Yet what you need is not marches, demonstrations, rallies or wide associations, all of them are important. What you need is direct action. The sooner people understand that, the sooner we'll begin to change things.
Sadly, we do a much better job of making people feel guilty than we do of delivering them from the guilt we create. We need to confess this and change our ways.
I wouldn't change anything. I've made mistakes, but thanks to those mistakes, I've learned.
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.
Hope and change? We're not doing that anymore. They're doing attack and blame. And so, I just think people are going to see through this. They want real leadership. They want us to get this country on the right track.
Like it or not, the world evolves, priorities change and so do you.
I never want to change so much that people can't recognize me.
I believe that Gandhi was correct. Non-violent civil disobedience is the only way to bring about change that allows people to enjoy the change and not get killed in the process.
A visit to a cinema is a little outing in itself. It breaks the monotony of an afternoon or evening it gives a change from the surroundings of home, however pleasant.
Resistance is thought transformed into feeling. Change the thought that creates the resistance, and there is no more resistance.
We have got to change our ethics and our financial system and our whole way of understanding the world. It has to be a world in which people live rather than die a sustainable world. It could be great.
It's a philosophy of life. A practice. If you do this, something will change, what will change is that you will change, your life will change, and if you can change you, you can perhaps change the world.
Nothing is as real as a dream. The world can change around you, but your dream will not. Responsibilities need not erase it. Duties need not obscure it. Because the dream is within you, no one can take it away.
It seems to me that any sensible person must see that violence does not change the world and if it does, then only temporarily.
A liberal knows that the only certainty in this life is change but believes that the change can be directed toward a constructive end.
Money is always there but the pockets change it is not in the same pockets after a change, and that is all there is to say about money.
For me, 'revolution' simply means radical change.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
One of the most predictable things in life is there will be change. You are better off if you can have a say in the change. But you are ignorant or naive if you don't think there will be change, whether you want it to or not.
We're a nation of laws, but the good thing about America, is that laws reside in the people and people can change the laws.
If you take different mythologies from different cultures, the names may change and the story lines may vary but there is always something in common.
Poetry is not only dream and vision it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.
I wanna change the game in way where I'm not knocking nobody out of the way, not claiming to be the best at this or that, but just doing wonders with the gift I've been given.
The personal things should be left out of platforms at conventions. You can argue yourself blue in the face, and you're not going to change each other's minds. It's a waste of your time and my time.
I am Jose Mourinho and I don't change. I arrive with all my qualities and my defects.
Here I am paying big money to you writers and what for? All you do is change the words.
I am a contradictory mess but I see it as my prerogative to change my mood like the weather.
An Army is a collection of armed men obliged to obey one man. Every change in the rules which impairs the principle weakens the army.
The atmosphere seems to change once the sun goes down and the race fans get to watch a good show.
Thoughts will change and shift just like the wind and the water when you're on the boat thoughts are no different than anything else.
The low points I had all helped make up my character, so I probably wouldn't want to do away with them because I like being flawed and I like having them help me grow and change and become better and stronger.
If you walk down the street and smile at someone, that will get passed on to the next person. That has the power to change someone's day.
It's not the destination that matters. It's the change of scene.
I think most artists would be happy to have bigger audiences rather than smaller ones. It doesn't mean that they are going to change their work in order necessarily to get it, but they're happy if they do get it.
Physics does not change the nature of the world it studies, and no science of behavior can change the essential nature of man, even though both sciences yield technologies with a vast power to manipulate the subject matters.
Don't fear change - embrace it.
As I have said for many years throughout this land, we're borrowing money from China to buy oil from the Persian Gulf to burn it in ways that destroy the future of human civilization. Every bit of that has to change.
Being ready isn't enough you have to be prepared for a promotion or any other significant change.
We should be proud that our Prophet came into the world with the message of Islam to change it for the better, and not for the worse, or to keep things as they are.
This life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed with a desire to change his bed.
Vengeance is not the point change is. But the trouble is that in most people's minds the thought of victory and the thought of punishing the enemy coincide.
For a change, lady luck seemed to be smiling on me. Then again, maybe the fickle wench was just lulling me into a false sense of security while she reached for a rock.
I want to test my maximum and see how much I can do. And I want to change the world of swimming.
Reconciliation requires changes of heart and spirit, as well as social and economic change. It requires symbolic as well as practical action.
If there's specific resistance to women making movies, I just choose to ignore that as an obstacle for two reasons: I can't change my gender, and I refuse to stop making movies.
I can't change overnight into a serious literary author. You can't compare apples to oranges. William Faulkner was a great literary genius. I am not.
I have to try and change the landscape, whatever it is.
It is more rewarding to watch money change the world than watch it accumulate.
We don't change what we are, we change what we think what we are.
As you grow older, you change.
In order to effect great change, we need to look at how we can help those in our own communities as well as globally.
Someday perhaps change will occur when times are ready for it instead of always when it is too late. Someday change will be accepted as life itself.
I just find the evangelical church too, well, restrictive. But the School of Practical Philosophy is nonconfrontational. We believe there are many forms of Scripture. What is true is true and will never change, whether it's in the Bible or in Shakespeare. It's about oneness.
If you're unhappy, you should change what you're doing.
There's no sense in going to a tournament if you don't believe that you can win it. And that is the belief I have always had. And that is not going to change.
I take sounds and change them into words.
I think having a child can really change you if you're open to it.
I don't think you can work on feelings in politics, apart from anything else, political change can come very unexpectedly, sometimes overnight when you least expect it.
I came to poetry through the urgent need to denounce injustice, exploitation, humiliation. I know that's not enough to change the world. But to remain silent would have been a kind of intolerable complicity.
Life has got a habit of not standing hitched. You got to ride it like you find it. You got to change with it. If a day goes by that don't change some of your old notions for new ones, that is just about like trying to milk a dead cow.
It's a huge change for your body. You don't even want to look in the mirror after you've had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a Shar-Pei.
I'm very comfortable with how I look. I always have been. I think I look pretty good. There's nothing I want to change. I'm pretty happy with what I've got.
Hope and Change has become Divide and Conquer.
There are pros and cons of experience. A con is that you can't look at the business with a fresh pair of eyes and as objectively as if you were a new CEO. Fire yourself on a Friday night and come in on Monday morning as if a search firm put you there as a turn-around leader. Can you be objective and make the bold change?
Which goes to show you, you can make all the laws you want, but you cannot change people's ways. If you must change them, you have to understand that it will take a long time.
Those people in New York are not gonna change me none.
I spent a lot of my life holding back my cries, and I want to change that because it's not good for me.
The difference between a movie star and a movie actor is this - a movie star will say, 'How can I change the script to suit me?' and a movie actor will say. 'How can I change me to suit the script?'
Well, what was called the blessed hope of the Bible is that one day Jesus Christ would come back again, start a whole new era, that this world order that we know it would change into something that would be wonderful that we'd call the millennium.
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily.
If you've ever made change in the offering plate, you might be a redneck.
The new dynamics between brands and consumers, driven by social media, are proving to be a powerful impetus for change.
The world does not need tourists who ride by in a bus clucking their tongues. The world as it is needs those who will love it enough to change it, with what they have, where they are.
I think sometimes when children grow up, their parents grow up. Mine grew up with me. We coexist. I don't try to change them anymore, and I don't think they try to change me. We agree to disagree.
I love what I do, and when I don't love what I do, I'll make a change.
I've always been ambitious since I was nine years old and that was never going to change.
I think sometimes when children grow up, their parents grow up. Mine grew up with me. We coexist. I don't try to change them anymore, and I don't think they try to change me.
People don't change their behavior unless it makes a difference for them to do so.
We have to do more than just elect a new President if we truly want to change this country.
Logic will never change emotion or perception.
And Seaman, just like a falling oak, manages to change direction.
Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.
You don't change the course of history by turning the faces of portraits to the wall.
The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come.
Let us take things as we find them: let us not attempt to distort them into what they are not... We cannot make facts. All our wishing cannot change them. We must use them.
Customs and convictions change respectable people are the last to know, or to admit, the change, and the ones most offended by fresh reflections of the facts in the mirror of art.
My goal was never to just create a company. A lot of people misinterpret that, as if I don't care about revenue or profit or any of those things. But what not being just a company means to me is not being just that - building something that actually makes a really big change in the world.
It is time to change our policy of appeasement toward the Palestinians, to strengthen our ties with the nation of Israel.
Our nation is being led astray by ungodly judges, mayors and governors, who are given to change, defying the Constitution and substituting their own wicked agendas.
Making money is not gonna change anything about what I am, except I won't answer the door.
I just think that sometimes we hang onto people or relationships long after they've ceased to be of any use to either of you. I'm always meeting new people, and my list of friends seems to change quite a bit.
The only change is that baseball has turned Paige from a second class citizen to a second class immortal.
The idea of the sacred is quite simply one of the most conservative notions in any culture, because it seeks to turn other ideas - uncertainty, progress, change - into crimes.
Economically, it's more expensive to make movies. I hope digital movies change that.
I didn't want to go out and change anything. I just wanted to make the music that was part of my background, which was rock and blues and hip-hop.
I love to watch times change!
It's best to leap into something you know you love. You might change your mind later, but that is the privilege of youth.
I hope to bring much more attention to important issues and change for issues and practices that are harming animals.
Effectively, change is almost impossible without industry-wide collaboration, cooperation and consensus.
What is sure is that technological change is accelerating in all directions and, like children playing in a fountain, consumers are reveling in the experience.
The question remains: which brands will commit to creating a private sector pillar of social change, and which will become casualties of their own outdated thinking?
It is time for corporate America to become 'the third pillar' of social change in our society, complementing the first two pillars of government and philanthropy. We need the entire private sector to begin committing itself not just to making profits, but to fulfilling higher and larger purposes by contributing to building a better world.
When people align around shared political, social, economic or environmental values, and take collective action, thinking and behavior that compromises the lives of millions of people around the world can truly change.
Brands must empower their community to be change agents in their own right. To that end, they need to take on a mentoring role. This means the brand provides the tools, techniques and strategies for their customers to become more effective marketers in achieving their own goals.
With the never-ending stream of new social technologies, apps and platforms rolling out every day, its easy to get lost in the minutiae of social media. Yet for there to be effective change, especially within large, top-down, hierarchical institutions, a company must have an over-arching understanding of the new role it has to play.
And it's absolutely true that male sexual behaviour and female responses to male demands change a lot when they start communicating - and the levels of the communication that I've seen on the ground in very, very poor areas are so high and I think why don't we have that here?
I have always been aware that you have to get people listening before you can change their minds. Any artist's big fear is being ignored, so if you get debate, that's great.
We think that democracy can change a lot of things, but we're being fooled, because democracy is not the election. We've been taught that democracy is having elections. And it isn't. Elections are the most horrendous aspect of democracy. It's the most mundane, trivial, disappointing, dirty aspect.
Before 'Schindler's List,' I wouldn't have believed movies had a lot of power for social change.
The best thing about acting is that I get to lose myself in another character and actually get paid for it... It's a great outlet. I'm not really sure who I am - it seems I change every day.
I believe that history has shape, order, and meaning that exceptional men, as much as economic forces, produce change and that passe abstractions like beauty, nobility, and greatness have a shifting but continuing validity.
I think change is possible, but only for individuals who were never truly gay in the first place and who have a strong personal motivation to recover their heterosexuality.
When you lead change, sometimes you get arrows in your back. I mean, that's just the way the real world is.
An apology might help, but you can change your life without one.
When he was born, I looked at my little boy and felt an unconditional love I never knew was inside me. As he grew, and I watched him stagger about, squeak his first words, and turn into a beautiful little boy, that feeling did not change.
Even if I know I shall never change the masses, never transform anything permanent, all I ask is that the good things also have their place, their refuge.
Mental illness is the last frontier. The gay thing is part of everyday life now on a show like 'Modern Family,' but mental illness is still full of stigma. Maybe it is time for that to change.
I love street style, seeing how girls wear pieces and how their pair accessories with their outfit. How they pair shoes with a bag and go to day to night and change things up.
The only change I can really see is that I don't have to shop for pants in stores anymore.
Obviously comedic styles do change.
Sometimes I have these fantasies of just moving to a foreign country and coming back with a full head of hair. Or not even come back! Make a new life there with hair... Change my name, just see what happens.
Anyone who's lost someone to cancer will say this, that you have to struggle to try to remember the person before the diagnosis happened, because they really do change - as anyone would change.
We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains.
Change is vital, improvement the logical form of change.
Rather than saying, 'My checking account is a wreck,' change it to 'I will learn how to track my spending and balance my checkbook.'
I mean, if you didn't get it or if you didn't feel like you enjoyed it, sometimes that experience can change.
It took me so many years to move out. I'm definitely a bit of a Peter Pan, reluctant to grow up. It all seemed really nice at home-why change it? Part of me would prefer not to have any responsibility whatsoever.
I have to struggle to change people's perceptions of me. I grew very frustrated with the perception that I'm this shy, retiring, inhibited aristocratic creature when I'm absolutely not like that at all. I think I'm much more outgoing and exuberant than my image.
To some extent, Seattle remains a frontier metropolis, a place where people can experiment with their lives, and change and grow and make things happen.
I change my mind so much I need two boyfriends and a girlfriend.
Don't manage - lead change before you have to.
Probably the most visible example of unintended consequences, is what happens every time humans try to change the natural ecology of a place.
Everything will change. The only question is growing up or decaying.
One good teacher in a lifetime may sometimes change a delinquent into a solid citizen.
A technical solution may be defined as one that requires a change only in the techniques of the natural sciences, demanding little or nothing in the way of change in human values or ideas of morality.
You put high heels on and you change.
I mean, language fascinates me anyway, and different words have different energies and you can change the whole drive of a sentence.
The art of living does not consist in preserving and clinging to a particular mode of happiness, but in allowing happiness to change its form without being disappointed by the change happiness, like a child, must be allowed to grow up.
One reason we resist making deliberate choices is that choice equals change and most of us, feeling the world is unpredictable enough, try to minimise the trauma of change in our personal lives.
That man is a creature who needs order yet yearns for change is the creative contradiction at the heart of the laws which structure his conformity and define his deviancy.
We're not trying to change the world just music.
I feel we live in the kind of culture now where you have to be very smart to navigate the right way, and I just don't have those smarts. I think with age and time it will change, but I can't obsess about it.
I wouldn't change a single thing, because one change alters every moment that follows it.
The first resistance to social change is to say it's not necessary.
Our economic system, run for profit and waste and based primarily on the extractive industries, is the cause of climate change. We have wasted the earth's treasure and we can no longer exploit it cheaply.
You can love more than one person in your life, but things will be different. There'll be a different dynamic. Needs and desires change.
Excellent firms don't believe in excellence - only in constant improvement and constant change.
I don't have clear-cut positions. I get baffled by things. I have viewpoints. Sometimes they change.
Change of fashion is the tax levied by the industry of the poor on the vanity of the rich.
Creative thinking inspires ideas. Ideas inspire change.
I think it true that, you know, sometimes things start to change even before a government changes and, actually, I think you can begin to see even the Labour machine beginning to understand that it has become over-reliant on targets and processes, that local governments have been over-bossed and bullied.
We have the character of an island nation: independent, forthright, passionate in defence of our sovereignty. We can no more change this British sensibility than we can drain the English Channel. And because of this sensibility, we come to the European Union with a frame of mind that is more practical than emotional.
The biggest danger to the European Union comes not from those who advocate change, but from those who denounce new thinking as heresy. In its long history Europe has experience of heretics who turned out to have a point.
One new feature or fresh take can change everything.
I've had some movies that have been ridiculed, but that's OK with me. I don't feel that really defines me. Should I change who I am to be popular?
If we are to change our world view, images have to change. The artist now has a very important job to do. He's not a little peripheral figure entertaining rich people, he's really needed.
The ultimate end of all revolutionary social change is to establish the sanctity of human life, the dignity of man, the right of every human being to liberty and well-being.
The challenge is not to replace Obama but with who. It's not enough to just change up the uniform, if we don't change the team and the game plan, we won't save our country.
Your race and gender don't change, but you can choose to change your political affiliation at will.
Pop culture is a reflection of social change, not a cause of social change.
All non-incumbent campaigns promise hope and change, but Obama took the promise to a new level of absurdity. He suggested that a vote for him would literally transform the Earth.
Many individuals are doing what they can. But real success can only come if there is a change in our societies and in our economics and in our politics.
Success cannot come from standstill men. Methods change and men must change with them.
The Philippines is a terrible name, coming from Spain. Phillip II was the father of the inquisition, who I believe died of syphilis. It is my great regret that we didn't change the name of our country.
No matter how many modern parts I do, people still refer to me as Mrs. Costume Drama. Fight Club is a studio pic, and I've done very few of those. I've got a feeling it's going to change things for me.
I ran for president in order to be able to try to change Washington D.C. from the inside. Our federal government is broken.
It's been really fun to see with each album when I change to see the fans of the show emulate my style and with the first record a lot of the kids in the crowd were wearing neck ties like I was and now you'll see a lot of girls with pink hair. It's cool, it's actually really neat.
When fish experience something that would cause other animals physical pain, they behave in ways suggestive of pain, and the change in behaviour may last several hours.
I learned to change my accent in England, your accent identifies you very strongly with a class, and I did not want to be held back.
Some say that I should settle down, go slower and not push so hard, so quickly for such transformational change. To them, I say that you misunderstand the size of the problems we face, the strength of the status quo and the urgency of the people's desire for change.
I absolutely don't care about my looks and I'm so used to them that I wouldn't change a thing. I would end up missing my defects.
Maybe we all change over time.
I just want people to know that if they want to change the direction of the country, they can do it, but only if they're active, informed, and engaged.
Some people seem to understand this - that life and change take time - but I am not one of those people.
I think I'm actually quite a materialistic person, I value what it takes to make a car or build a nice house. Money does change things, but how it changes people depends on how they react to it.
I don't think my principles change. I think the way in which you apply those principles to modern society changes.
You change with the guys you date.
If a person with a bullet in Dallas can change the world, imagine a person with an idea could do.
If a man like Malcolm X could change and repudiate racism, if I myself and other former Muslims can change, if young whites can change, then there is hope for America.
Human memory is a marvelous but fallacious instrument. The memories which lie within us are not carved in stone not only do they tend to become erased as the years go by, but often they change, or even increase by incorporating extraneous features.
It is well for people who think to change their minds occasionally in order to keep them clean. For those who do not think, it is best at least to rearrange their prejudices once in a while.
People with high blood pressure, diabetes - those are conditions brought about by life style. If you change the life style, those conditions will leave.
I was away from the front lines for a while this spring, living with other troops, and considerable fighting took place while I was gone. When I got ready to return to my old friends at the front I wondered if I would sense any change in them.
I just don't believe that you have to come in and insult people when you want to change things.
One expected growth, change without it, the world was less, the well of inspiration dried up, the muses fled.
Choose your corner, pick away at it carefully, intensely and to the best of your ability and that way you might change the world.
You look at a herd of cattle and well, they all look the same... but they know. They all have an individual personality, and those personalities change from day to day. They can have their grumpy days and their happy days and their serene days. But it's unpredictable. You can't be off in outer space when you're dealing with animals.
There has been a change in men's attitudes toward their clothes. Men are more aware of fashion they're not afraid of it.
I just like food too much, and I don't want to change. I spent so much of childhood trying to change, and I just got sick of it... I don't want to look like Britney Spears, I just don't want to. She's hideous.
I would not change my blest estate for all the world calls good or great.
Girls are taught to sing high and pretty, like Antony, not low and from the guts like Nina Simone. But we're slowly trying to change that. There are so many things we're not told growing up, and it's our true feminist responsibility to take the truth to the people who need to hear it.
Politics is repetition. It is not change. Change is something beyond what we call politics. Change is the essence politics is supposed to be the means to bring into being.
If we don't like what the Republicans do, we need to get in there and change it.
Whether you're winning or losing, it is important to always be yourself. You can't change because of the circumstances around you.
I'm trying to change the culture in New York City that's hard enough!
Set lists are tough because you come up with this structure of how the songs are going to go from one to the next, but at the same time, you have to be spontaneous and take requests and change the set list at the drop of a hat.
The greatest revolution in our generation is that of human beings, who by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives.
It is in the mind and the heart where we meet. It's not the body-the body will change.
Many people and governments share the mistaken belief that science, with new, ingenious devices and techniques, can rescue us from the troubles we face without our having to mend our ways and change our patterns of activity. This is not so.
As man sows, so shall he reap. In works of fiction, such men are sometimes converted. More often, in real life, they do not change their natures until they are converted into dust.
Comedians walk out, get a feel for the crowd. If it's not going good, we change directions. If we got to drag your momma into this thing, we will. Whatever we got to do.
Believe it or not, lots of people change their majors and abandon their dreams just to avoid a couple of math classes in college.
I didn't think that college math was for me. I didn't think I'd be able to hack it. And that perception of math not being for girls, not being for girls who see themselves as socially well adjusted has got to change.
I like to change characters and then, slowly I believe the audience treat me as, like an actor who can fight. It's not like an action star.
The signs of outstanding leadership appear primarily among the followers. Are the followers reaching their potential? Are they learning? Serving? Do they achieve the required results? Do they change with grace? Manage conflict?
I'm a typical middle child. I'm the mediator. The one that makes everything OK, puts their own needs aside to make sure everybody's happy. It's hard to change your nature, even with years and years of therapy.
I really think the Patriot Act violates our Constitution. It was, it is, an illegal act. The Congress, the Senate and the president cannot change the Constitution.
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
Unless it's a specific accent, or something about physicality you have to change, I am generally not such a conscious actor.
The more specific idea of Evolution now reached is - a change from an indefinite, incoherent homogeneity to a definite, coherent heterogeneity, accompanying the dissipation of motion and integration of matter.
In science the important thing is to modify and change one's ideas as science advances.
The notion that Congress can change the meaning given a constitutional provision by the Court is subversive of the function of judicial review and it is not the less so because the Court promises to allow it only when the Constitution is moved to the left.
What is amazing for a woman of my age is that I change as the world is changing-and changing very, very fast. I don't think my mother had that opportunity to change.
We're living in an era of unprecedented change, and I want to be a part of documenting it.
Climate change was a point of division between Obama and Republican rival Mitt Romney. The president declared climate change a global threat, acknowledged that the actions of humanity were deepening the crisis, and pledged to do something about it if elected.
Close elections tend to break toward the challenger because undecided voters - having held out so long against the incumbent - are by nature looking for change.
Obama won the presidency on the strength of his message and the skills of the messenger. Now the talk of hope and change feels out of tune when so many Americans are out of work, over-mortgaged, and worried that life will be even tougher for their children.
We, the people. Manifest Destiny. Conceived in liberty. Fear itself. Ask not. Morning in America. United we stand. Yes, we can. In times of great change and tumult, presidents seek to inspire beleaguered Americans by reminding them of their national identity.
Instead of focusing on that circumstances that you cannot change - focus strongly and powerfully on the circumstances that you can.
I think the way to change it is to handle issues individually when it's essential to do so.
I used to be a Catholic. I left because I object to conversion by concussion. If you don't agree with what they teach, you get clobbered over the head until you do. All that does is change the shape of the head.
If I was a woman, I would be dressed in the same thing for a month and just change my hat and gloves. Maybe my shoes too yes, I see what you mean but, really, it's jewels that change an outfit.
I like progress but I hate change.
All cities do face similar, significant trends in the future... most importantly global warming and climate change.
A dog that has rabies probably will do things it wouldn't do if it didn't have rabies. But that doesn't change the fact that it has rabies.
Because primarily of the power of the Internet, people of modest means can band together and amass vast sums of money that can change the world for some public good if they all agree.
One of the advantages of moving quickly is if you do something wrong you can change it. What technologies tend to do is they tend to make a lot of mistakes... but then we go back and aggressively attack those mistakes - and fix them. And you usually recover pretty quickly.
I love change, I need it.
Cats don't like change without their consent.
One of the most important things to remember about infant care is: don't change diapers in midstream.
I like change. There's something Buddhist about it - continuous change is wonderful.
Man can certainly flee from God... but he cannot escape him. He can certainly hate God and be hateful to God, but he cannot change into its opposite the eternal love of God which triumphs even in his hate.
It's quite nice to see that I didn't have to change who I was to reach two very different types of people.
Women have a lot of power in private life. There are many men who would say, 'Hey, women already rule my life.' But with women, more is more. The more there are, the more the world gets used to seeing them. We change the culture. We begin to expand options and lead and manage.
The fight is always the same within the Democratic Party, isn't it? The more things change, the more they stay the same.
Washington is still very much a male-oriented culture. Being from Los Angeles, I think it is less so there - there is less attachment to tradition, perhaps, there is more flexibility, more acceptance of change generally. That is partly because of Hollywood.
There is no question that climate change is happening the only arguable point is what part humans are playing in it.
As a standup, I try to change the world. As an entertainer, I try to entertain. And as a lesbian, I try to pick up the prettiest girl in the room.
Every time I hear, Cut. Print, something cold and electrical goes off in my head, because I'm never going to change that film.
Revolutions demand enormous sacrifices and, at the same time, create a new need to change the world again.
The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects - making it possible... to see a new beauty in what is vanishing.
Dreams are the seeds of change. Nothing ever grows without a seed, and nothing ever changes without a dream.
For an introvert his environment is himself and can never be subject to startling or unforeseen change.
Change is vital to any actor. If you keep playing lead after lead, you're really gonna dry up. Because all those vehicles wean you away from the truths of human behaviour.
There are people in the world who have the power to change our values.
Without struggle, no progress and no result. Every breaking of habit produces a change in the machine.
We can't change anything until we get some fresh ideas, until we begin to see things differently.
Becoming a mother cannot help but change things. An author's life is reflected in their writing, whether they want it to be or not, and parenthood is one of the biggest life changes there is.
Loss means losing what was We want to change but we don't want to lose. Without time for loss, we don't have time for soul.
A change in bad habits leads to a change in life.
It will always be a battle a day between those who want maximum change and those who want to maintain the status quo.
Organisations are now confronted with two sources of change: the traditional type that is initiated and managed and external changes over which no one has control.
Never doubt that you can change history. You already have.
I just change with the times. I really don't have a say in what's going on. Music was here before me.
We have to struggle against the conservatives from all sides, not only the right-wingers, but also the left-wing conservatives who don't want to change anything.
Change is growth. For me it has been a very spiritual and musical rebirth.
I have a resistance to change in things that I feel comfortable with and that I'm used to.
I can't just say one time of the year I'm going to do something different. I have to commit to a lifestyle behavioral change and just try to be a little bit better today than I was yesterday.
If we're going to change the laws, let's change them in ways which makes it easier to catch criminals, and yet at the same time protect the Second Amendment rights of our law-abiding citizens.
Fame changes a lot of things, but it can't change a lightbulb.
Sometimes you could be in an unhappy relationship you are very much in love with someone, but it's making you unhappy and you think things can change and you can work it out.
I have to say, you know, I've seen so many people go through the cycle and become famous and not famous anymore and, you know, want - have their priorities change and want different things.
We have to face the reality of climate change. It is arguably the biggest threat we are facing today.
Any form of art is a form of power it has impact, it can affect change - it can not only move us, it makes us move.
Unless there is meaningful change in Syria and an end to the crackdown, President Assad and those around him will find themselves isolated internationally and discredited within Syria.
People feel that the EU is a one-way process, a great machine that sucks up decision-making from national parliaments to the European level until everything is decided by the EU. That needs to change.
I believe we should reframe our response to climate change as an imperative for growth rather than merely being a way of being green or meeting environmental commitments.
As far as I'm aware, everybody in the shadow cabinet accepts that there's a compelling case on climate change and a strong scientific case.
It's important to fall in love with someone you don't want to change.
I do believe sadly it's going to take some diseases coming back to realize that we need to change and develop vaccines that are safe.
I get heartfelt thanks from all kinds of people. Today I heard from a waitress in Georgia who has lost her job and is trying to figure out how her local bank can change the terms on her credit card, and I heard from a physicist at a major research university who wants to explain a better theory of financial stress tests.
People's view of cancer will change when they have their own relationship with cancer, which everyone will, at some point.
I want to be able to look back and say, 'I've done everything I can, and I was successful.' I don't want to look back and say I should have done this or that. I'd like to change things for the younger generation of swimmers coming along.
I wouldn't change a thing - except my bank balance.
No, nothing has changed in my life at all, and nothing would change if I had millions.
There is something in the pang of change More than the heart can bear, Unhappiness remembering happiness.
This great, though disastrous, culture can only change as we begin to stand off and see... the inveterate materialism which has become the model for cultures around the world.
There can be no peace in the world so long as a large proportion of the population lack the necessities of life and believe that a change of the political and economic system will make them available. World peace must be based on world plenty.
That's the thing about interviews, at some point you're going to change your mind. But it's there forever and you can't escape it.
Man has a limited biological capacity for change. When this capacity is overwhelmed, the capacity is in future shock.
Some argue that now isn't the time to push the green agenda - that all efforts should be on preventing a serious recession. That is a false choice. It fails to recognise that climate change and our carbon reliance is part of problem - high fuel prices and food shortages due to poor crop yields compound today's financial difficulties.
It is tragic that people who are incarcerated are unable to vote. They are probably the most important voices to listen to because they can tell us what we need to change.
It is not strange... to mistake change for progress.
A zebra does not change its spots.
I think it's harder for people than it should be. But as more and more of us become carbon neutral and change the patterns in our lives to be part of the solution instead of part of the problem, we are now beginning to see the changes in policy that are needed.
I do like change. That's the one thing exciting about me.
If I can change than anyone can change. I promise you that.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order.
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.
Even God cannot change the past.
Men are but children of a larger growth, Our appetites as apt to change as theirs, And full as craving too, and full as vain.
I didn't come into politics to change the Labour Party. I came into politics to change the country.
When you go off in the world and make your life, and you come back to your home town, and you find your old high-school friends driving in the same circles, doing the same things, that's what Hollywood's like. It's a little block, little town. It doesn't really grow or change.
Maybe one day the world will change, that we'll be in a luxurious position of being able to debate whether or not it's inherently wrong to eat animals, but the question doesn't matter right now.
Polite and velvety leaders, who take care to avoid bruising others, are generally not as effective at forcing change.
When it comes to meat, change is almost always cast as an absolute. You are a vegetarian or you are not.
Celebrity culture has gone crazy, and I think the reason is that real news is just not bearable, and it also seems impossible to change anything.
The question, I've come to think, is not what inspires one to change, but what inspires one to remain changed.
I first became a vegetarian when I was nine, in response to an argument made by a radical babysitter. My great change - which lasted a couple of weeks - was based on the very simple instinct that it's wrong to kill animals for food.
Despite the fact that in America we incarcerate more juveniles for life terms than in any other country in the world, the truth is that the vast majority of youth offenders will one day be released. The question is simple and stark. Do we want to help them change or do we want to help them become even more violent and dangerous?
There is at least one point in the history of any company when you have to change dramatically to rise to the next level of performance. Miss that moment - and you start to decline.
My point is that perceptual bias can affect nut jobs and scientists alike. If we hold too rigidly to what we think we know, we ignore or avoid evidence of anything that might change our mind.
When you're a catalyst for change, you make enemies - and I'm proud of the ones I've got.
Any film I do is not going to change the way black women have been portrayed, or black people have been portrayed, in cinema since the days of D.W. Griffith.
Normal social behavior requires that we be able to recognize identities in spite of change. Unless we can do so, there can be no human society as we know it.
When you look at all the miracles attributed to Jesus, they're all about change.
The damage that climate change is causing and that will get worse if we fail to act goes beyond the hundreds of thousands of lives, homes and businesses lost, ecosystems destroyed, species driven to extinction, infrastructure smashed and people inconvenienced.
When I was at drama school, I wanted to change the world, and thought I had some great wisdom to impart to people about humanity. Now that I'm older, I know enough to realise that I know nothing at all.
Doing all we can to combat climate change comes with numerous benefits, from reducing pollution and associated health care costs to strengthening and diversifying the economy by shifting to renewable energy, among other measures.
From year to year, environmental changes are incremental and often barely register in our lives, but from evolutionary or geological perspectives, what is happening is explosive change.
People can undergo a sudden change of thinking and loyalties under threat of death or intense social pressure and isolation from friends and family.
Some people call it global warming some people call it climate change. What is the difference?
In true dialogue, both sides are willing to change.
I don't allow anybody to change me. I still walk outta my house in rollers and I take walks. I do not care what people think.
This nation has always struggled with how it was going to deal with poor people and people of color. Every few years you will see some great change in the way that they approach this. We've had the war on poverty that never really got into waging a real war on poverty.
I don't think I'm really open to having Washington change me.
We are all revolutionaries now, addicts of change.
My mom was always saying: 'Be whatever you want to be, but stick with it. Don't waver. Don't change who you are for anybody.'
People lose people, we lose things in our life as we're constantly growing and changing. That's what life is is change, and a lot of that is loss. It's what you gain from that loss that makes life.
I think happiness comes from self-acceptance. We all try different things, and we find some comfortable sense of who we are. We look at our parents and learn and grow and move on. We change.
Illness strikes men when they are exposed to change.
Change is one of my favourite words.
I have to change a lot of things before I become a good marathon runner.
Redemption just means you just make a change in your life and you try to do right, versus what you were doing, which was wrong.
You have a dramatic portion of your television program and you treat it dramatically, and then you have a comedic portion of your program, and you treat it differently. Why do you change who are between the two pieces? You're the same person. Just go.
There is danger in reckless change, but greater danger in blind conservatism.
Bill Gates is a relative newcomer to the fight against global warming, but he's already shifting the debate over climate change.
If left unchecked, global change will create violent conflict, torrential storms, shrinking coastlines, and irreversible catastrophe.
Among all the tests President Obama faced in his first term, his biggest failure was climate change.
We have to raise the consciousness the only way poets can change the world is to raise the consciousness of the general populace.
Geoengineering - the deliberate, large-scale manipulation of the earth's climate to offset global warming - is a nightmare fix for climate change.
Sometimes we look for those thunderous things to happen in our life for our lives to change or go in the other direction. We seek the miracle. We seek the parting of the seas, the moving of the mountains. But no, it's a quiet thing. At least for me it was.
What's certain is that a totalitarian enclave like Cuba's can't continue to exist, so change will definitely come there, eventually.
Every day I'm thinking about change.
Ever since the collapse of cap and trade legislation and the realization that President Obama is unlikely to ever utter the words 'climate change' in public again, much less use the bully pulpit to prepare the nation for the catastrophic risks of inaction, the movement has been in a funk.
I mean, I think we're put here on earth to make your own destiny, to begin with. I don't think there's anything you can do this way or that way to change anything.
Maybe more climate activists will think about the climate change not as an international problem to be resolved in an air-conditioned meeting hall, but as a guerilla war to be fought in the streets.
I don't think the Palestinian people or Afghan children or some other things I'm concerned about are at the top of other people's agendas - not right now, when America is going through such a recession and people are suffering across the board financially. But I think all that will change.
One of the big questions in the climate change debate: Are humans any smarter than frogs in a pot? If you put a frog in a pot and slowly turn up the heat, it won't jump out. Instead, it will enjoy the nice warm bath until it is cooked to death. We humans seem to be doing pretty much the same thing.
I've always looked the same. Since I was a child, I hated having to deal with my hair. I hated having to change my clothes. As a kid, I had a sailor shirt and the same old corduroy pants, and that's what I wanted to wear everyday.
You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it.
When the fabric of society is so rigid that it cannot change quickly enough, adjustments are achieved by social unrest and revolutions.
The experience of being in space didn't change my perspective of myself or of the planet or of life. I had no spiritual experience.
Sureness is something like a neck brace, which we clamp around our lives, hoping to somehow protect ourselves from the frightening, constant whiplash of change. Sadly, the brace doesn't always hold.
As somebody who, in my second marriage, insisted on a prenuptial agreement, I can also testify that sometimes it is an act of love to chart the exit strategy before you enter the union, in order to make sure that not only you, but your partner as well, knows that there will be no World War III should hearts and minds, for any sad reason, change.
In politics there are some candidates who use change to promote their careers, and then there are those like John McCain who use their careers to promote change.
If you want to change the way your banking system is regulated, if you want to learn the mistakes of what's gone wrong, then you have to change your government.
I know how bad Albany is. I know it better than most. I understand why people are angry. I'm angry. The question is going to be, how do you change Albany, what is the plan for change, and then how do you actually get it done?
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
News reports don't change the world. Only facts change it, and those have already happened when we get the news.
One of the things I like enormously about Bob Weinstein is that that he's the only studio head I have ever known who will change his mind and say he was wrong.
There are women who make things better, there are women who change things, there are women who make things happen, who make a difference. I want to be one of those women.
The politicians always told us that the Cold War stand-off could only change by way of nuclear war. None of them believed that such systemic change was possible.
Geological change usually takes thousands of years to happen but we are seeing the climate changing not just in our lifetimes but also year by year.
I don't think we're yet evolved to the point where we're clever enough to handle a complex a situation as climate change. The inertia of humans is so huge that you can't really do anything meaningful.
The only thing I fear more than change is no change. The business of being static makes me nuts.
The problem with being sure that God is on your side is that you can't change your mind, because God sure isn't going to change His.
I don't think anything changes until ideas change. The usual American viewpoint is to believe that something is wrong with the person.
If you actually want to change your world, there is a better way of doing it than blowing yourself up.
You have to come in and be that character when you walk into the room. That's what one of my first acting teachers taught me. You know, don't go in there being Jennifer and then expect to flip and change, because they're not going to have that imagination.
When you first have a baby your life doesn't change. I mean, you have a little less sleep and you drag these cuddly things around you and it's just amazing. But you still get to be you. Once they get to, like, five, six and school and it starts to get, like, 'Wow, they got real problems. They're my responsibility.' Oh my God. That is overwhelming.
I think if there's any difference between me and a traditional CEO, it's that I've been unwilling to change myself or shape my personality around what's expected.
I think your alcohol intake has to change. You know, usually a big person feels they can drink anything they want to and as much as they want to and I've cut that way back.
Just because you liked something as a youngster doesn't mean you have to like it as an adult. You can change your taste a little bit on the sweets and things like that.
I'm all about change, and I know things are going to move forward in life, and that's just how it goes.
To be in a situation where you have no rights whatsoever is something I wish everybody could experience. People's attitudes would change. It would be a better place.
You know who is against democracy in the Middle East? The husbands. They got used to their way of life. Now, the traditional way of life must change. Everybody must change. If you don't give equal rights to women, you can't progress.
I always try to keep the circumstances in my life fresh. I like to change the physical environment I live in, change the people around me and try to experience things for the first time. I think that keeps one on their toes, creatively and spiritually.
Imagine if the pension funds and endowments that own much of the equity in our financial services companies demanded that those companies revisit the way mortgages were marketed to those without adequate skills to understand the products they were being sold. Management would have to change the way things were done.
One of the most important things that I did to turn my life around was to realize and to accept that from this minute, that's all we have. Everything that happened behind us we cannot change so you might as well look to the future.
One-third of Americans have already been forced to change their lifestyle because their disposable income is gone. A guy can't go to the corner bar after a rough day at work to have a beer, that's gone to oil!
The reality of split government puts a premium on creativity within the administration. President Obama needs to put the right people in charge of the agencies and then have them push the bounds of administrative power to change policy through those agencies. President Obama has a pretty good track record of this.
I'm not going to change the world overnight. It's one person at a time, and hopefully they're people in positions of power who can help people get in those roles and really, truly embrace colorblind casting.
I always get bored with my hair. That's why I would always change it throughout my career.
We may need to change the way we think. As in Israel, I think there should be a mandatory draft, where you go away for the service of your country for three years.
There was a great complexity to my father. He was a devoted family man. But, in the same breath, he simply was not suited to an anchored life. He should have been somebody who had a backpack, an old map, a bit of change in his pocket and that was it - roaming the world.
The world will change for the better when people decide they are sick and tired of being sick and tired of the way the world is, and decide to change themselves.
All we need, really, is a change from a near frigid to a tropical attitude of mind.
I moved to New York last year and I love it. It's a huge change and I've always wanted to spend time there. It's like a more intense London, and everything's up a few notches. The lights are brighter, the pace is faster and the food's better.
Everything can change at any moment, suddenly and forever.
When you have that window of opportunity called a crisis, move as quickly as you can, get as much done as you can. There's a momentum for change that's very compelling.
When you have a tough loss, go through it and agonize. I had one loss that I still want to change, but at the same time I realize it is an important part of who I am.
Turbulence is life force. It is opportunity. Let's love turbulence and use it for change.
I thought, well, you might see curves there, but that's just a bone - so even if I lose weight that's not going to change anything. That's how I look. That's my shape. Do the math.
Look at all the buses now that want exact change, exact change. I figure if I give them exact change, they should take me exactly where I want to go.
As far as I was concerned, either I was a homosexual or I wasn't, so making films would change nothing.
I am going to get political on you. Because I am the most shallow person in the world, my mission is to see men's formal wear change a little bit. It is too rigid! Everybody looks like a penguin!
When characters change on screen, it makes you feel better about yourself. You think, 'Oh I change too, I'm constantly becoming a better person.'
If your life changes, we can change the world, too.
Aside from my work, in my everyday private life, I'm not a very adventureous person. I don't look for change.
I just think we're living in a time of massive, amazing change, like the Industrial Revolution on acid.
We may think there is willpower involved, but more likely... change is due to want power. Wanting the new addiction more than the old one. Wanting the new me in preference to the person I am now.
Too many people just eat to consume calories. Try dining for a change.
You must change in order to survive.
We are like a woman with a difficult pregnancy. We have to rebuild the social classes in Egypt, and we must change the way things were.
I am artistic so I reserve the right to change my mind at any point. I just like to do different things. What is more important than the name is that people know that I really like acting, I enjoy it and I want people to know that I am serious.
Is there any wonder why we are in such big trouble? Any question why the people don't trust their government anymore, and demand a change?
I like the way my heart beats, I like the way I think I don't need or want anything to change that.
Fall is my favorite season in Los Angeles, watching the birds change color and fall from the trees.
Since 'Idol' I've gotten used to having an amazing hair and make-up team around me, so I'm starting to get picky. I know what I like now and I'm happy to say 'Could we maybe change that?' if I don't like something. I don't yell or anything, but I think I could definitely start to act a little diva-ish when it comes to my look.
I think I can change the game.
As far as friendships go, things change even without the fame. People start moving on. I have a few friends that are married and are starting to have kids and I'm like, 'Oh my goodness gracious - that's so insane.' I also have friends who are just doing their own thing, which is cool.
If I have to change my lifestyle, I don't want to live.
Well... I had braces and I had to wear headgear! I loved my braces, actually. For me, they were like a piece of jewelry! Instead of the silver or pewter I had gold braces. It was so much fun, I loved them. I got to change the colors and stuff and I had the rubber bands.
I wouldn't change one thing about my professional life, and I make it a point not to dwell on my mistakes.
Christians should be ready for a change because Jesus was the greatest changer in history.
I'm definitely open to change, but at the same time I am quite stubborn.
One of the things I've always personally tried to stress with this band was to have some kind of visual aspect and to be consistent with it - like, not to change.
No foreigner has a place asking another people, another country, to change their constitution.
The only way to change is to vote. People are responsible.
You want to balance the budget in this country? We change the salary structure for Congress and the President. Every year they don't balance the budget, we don't pay them.
Change brings opportunities. On the other hand, change can be confusing.
Finishing food is about the tiny touches. In the last seconds you can change everything.
So I think it's - what was important to me is that I found that I can't change the fact that people already have made an opinion about me. But I don't think that should stop me from trying to correct some of the misperceptions that are out there.
There are many challenges, there are many obstacles let us try to change the obstacles to advantages.
I don't change. The things around me change.
Doubt is an uneasy and dissatisfied state from which we struggle to free ourselves and pass into the state of belief while the latter is a calm and satisfactory state which we do not wish to avoid, or to change to a belief in anything else.
I was born left-handed, but I was made to use my other hand. When I was writing 'Famished Road,' which was very long, I got repetitive stress syndrome. My right wrist collapsed, so I started using my left hand. The prose I wrote with my left hand came out denser, so later on I had to change it.
Whoever is content with the world, and who profits from its lack of justice, does not want to change it.
But I think it's more that when you're young, you're invincible, you're immortal - or at least you think you are. The possibilities are limitless, you're inventing the future. Then you get older and suddenly you have a history. It's fixed. You can't change anything. I find that a bit disturbing, to be honest.
Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change.
If you continually write and read yourself as a fiction, you can change what's crushing you.
Obama has no power to change American policy because there are people who specialize in drawing these policies, which have been and still are hostile towards Islam.
I don't write for any group. I write to bring about a change in consciousness.
And I do believe that the way to change a society, to uplift people - not just their spirit, but to uplift their society and economic base - is through education.
I don't read reviews because by then it's too late - whatever anyone says, the book won't change. It is written.
You know, Motorcycle Diaries has no incredible stories, no sudden plot twists, it doesn't play that way. It's about recognizing that instance of change and embracing it.
Sometimes when we are generous in small, barely detectable ways it can change someone else's life forever.
The Bush-Cheney administration had betrayed some basic American values. So there was hunger for change.
I'd say that after my father passed my writing changed, it went deeper. Most would say 'matured' but I don't think I'd use that word in relation to my progress. I think 'change' is a little more accurate.
I do genuinely believe that the political system is not linear. When it reaches a tipping point fashioned by a critical mass of opinion, the slow pace of change we're used to will no longer be the norm. I see a lot of signs every day that we're moving closer and closer to that tipping point.
There are those people who are in your corner no matter what, you can't do any wrong, even when you do wrong. And then there are those people that no matter what you do they are going to dislike you and that's not going to change.
Pick up a rifle and you change instantly from a subject to a citizen.
We are all born with a unique genetic blueprint, which lays out the basic characteristics of our personality as well as our physical health and appearance... And yet, we all know that life experiences do change us.
Injuries obviously change the way you approach the game.
I had a very insightful friend who warned me back when I stopped reading scripts, 'It's easier to change directions while you're still moving.' If you stop, it's harder to get started again. I still don't think I made the wrong decision, but he was right.
Styles, like everything else, change. Style doesn't.
We have no reason to think that climate change is harmful if you look at the world as a whole. Most places, in fact, are better off being warmer than being colder. And historically, the really bad times for the environment and for people have been the cold periods rather than the warm periods.
It's better to get smart than to get mad. I try not to get so insulted that I will not take advantage of an opportunity to persuade people to change their minds.
If you don't like the way the world is, you change it. You have an obligation to change it. You just do it one step at a time.
I wrote seven Myron Bolitar novels in a row, and I never want to write a Myron book where he just solves a crime. Every one of them I want to be personal, and I want him to grow and change. The problem with that is, it makes the series limited, you can't write a series where a guy is always going through some kind of crisis.
Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy.
A leopard does not change his spots, or change his feeling that spots are rather a credit.
I want art to make me think. In order to do that, it may piss me off, or make me uncomfortable. That promotes awareness and change, or at least some discussion.
I'd be happy to be taken as a woman - and that's what I was initially trying to do when I started throwing on dresses and stuff. But that wasn't going to happen because everyone kept calling me sir. So I thought I'd change the method and just start wearing what I wanted to wear.
Governments cannot make marriages or turn feckless individuals into responsible citizens. That needs another kind of change agent.
I don't want to clip on the armour every morning. I've seen some politicians do this and they get a bit mangled and bitter. I just refuse to do that. I refuse to be angry or bitter or complain, and I remain open. I may sometimes be a bit too open but I'm not going to change that one bit.
Much can and must be done by governments, but they cannot of themselves change lives.
Most of what needs to be changed in the euro zone can be done without treaty changes. The demand for treaty change is as political as it is legal and I don't think it's going to happen soon.
Europe is dying. That is one of the unsayable truths of our time. We are undergoing the moral equivalent of climate change and no one is talking about it.
What creates freedom? A revolution in the streets? Mass protest? Civil war? A change of government? The ousting of the old guard and its replacement by the new? History, more often than not, shows that hopes raised by such events are often dashed, sooner rather than later.
My kid could get a bad X-ray and I could get a call from the doctor saying I have something growing in my bum and that would change my perspective on everything instantaneously, on what is and what is not important.
You do have to change things as warfare changes.
A man's character may be learned from the adjectives which he habitually uses in conversation.
Truthful words are not beautiful beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are not persuasive persuasive words are not good.
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
Electric communication will never be a substitute for the face of someone who with their soul encourages another person to be brave and true.
I'm a great believer that any tool that enhances communication has profound effects in terms of how people can learn from each other, and how they can achieve the kind of freedoms that they're interested in.
Any problem, big or small, within a family, always seems to start with bad communication. Someone isn't listening.
Take advantage of every opportunity to practice your communication skills so that when important occasions arise, you will have the gift, the style, the sharpness, the clarity, and the emotions to affect other people.
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.
I learned never to empty the well of my writing, but always to stop when there was still something there in the deep part of the well, and let it refill at night from the springs that fed it.
Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language.
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.
Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life.
Be still when you have nothing to say when genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot.
Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
Every day I try to be in communication with the universe in an unconscious way.
The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy.
Bad human communication leaves us less room to grow.
Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success.
The communication of the dead is tongued with fire beyond the language of the living.
Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind.
There is no pleasure to me without communication: there is not so much as a sprightly thought comes into my mind that it does not grieve me to have produced alone, and that I have no one to tell it to.
Communication leads to community, that is, to understanding, intimacy and mutual valuing.
A man has a property in his opinions and the free communication of them.
In the last analysis, what we are communicates far more eloquently than anything we say or do.
Email, instant messaging, and cell phones give us fabulous communication ability, but because we live and work in our own little worlds, that communication is totally disorganized.
The thing that we are trying to do at facebook, is just help people connect and communicate more efficiently.
A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it.
No pleasure has any savor for me without communication.
Number one, cash is king... number two, communicate... number three, buy or bury the competition.
The desire to write grows with writing.
Good communication is just as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after.
But I'm acutely aware that the possibility of fraud is even more prevalent in today's world because of the Internet and cell phones and the opportunity for instant communication with strangers.
My belief is that communication is the best way to create strong relationships.
He that communicates his secret to another makes himself that other's slave.
No passion in the world is equal to the passion to alter someone else's draft.
Society cannot share a common communication system so long as it is split into warring factions.
The speed of communications is wondrous to behold. It is also true that speed can multiply the distribution of information that we know to be untrue.
There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen.
The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.
The more we elaborate our means of communication, the less we communicate.
The two words 'information' and 'communication' are often used interchangeably, but they signify quite different things. Information is giving out communication is getting through.
I believe in communication books communicate ideas and make bridges between people.
Pure truth cannot be assimilated by the crowd it must be communicated by contagion.
Extremists think 'communication' means agreeing with them.
Self-expression must pass into communication for its fulfillment.
There are some people who have the quality of richness and joy in them and they communicate it to everything they touch. It is first of all a physical quality then it is a quality of the spirit.
Writing has nothing to do with communication between person and person, only with communication between different parts of a person's mind.
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.
Communication works for those who work at it.
I see dance being used as communication between body and soul, to express what it too deep to find for words.
To communicate through silence is a link between the thoughts of man.
It sounds so trite but in relationships, you have to communicate.
Communication is everyone's panacea for everything.
I try to just communicate what I want done as clearly and simply as possible.
Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break.
Words, once they are printed, have a life of their own.
Mass communication, radio, and especially television, have attempted, not without success, to annihilate every possibility of solitude and reflection.
In communications, familiarity breeds apathy.
Without a possibility of change in meanings human communication could not perform its present functions.
The way you communicate an idea is different than the way you communicate a product.
Writing is a communication.
Sometimes there is a greater lack of communication in facile talking than in silence.
I am in favor of complete freedom of information and of free access to the new communication tools, in particular the Internet.
The need to write comes from the need to make sense of one's life and discover one's usefulness.
We don't communicate in full sentences anyway. We don't need all those words.
In my teaching, I enjoyed creating models to clearly communicate my thoughts.
It is not enough to show people how to live better: there is a mandate for any group with enormous powers of communication to show people how to be better.
If we ever start communicating with living creatures from other planets, the number one priority is, how are you going to communicate information? Even between different cultures here on Earth, you get into communication problems.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
It's like there are all these languages available, especially in terms of image. Why confine yourself to only English? There's all these languages and possibilities and concepts to speak or communicate with.
Words and pictures can work together to communicate more powerfully than either alone.
If listeners aren't carried away to Heaven, I'm failing.
When you stop talking, you've lost your customer. When you turn your back, you've lost her.
Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible - the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family.
I think it's fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool we've ever created. They're tools of communication, they're tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user.
Animation can explain whatever the mind of man can conceive. This facility makes it the most versatile and explicit means of communication yet devised for quick mass appreciation.
The strong man is the one who is able to intercept at will the communication between the senses and the mind.
Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.
Communication is a continual balancing act, juggling the conflicting needs for intimacy and independence. To survive in the world, we have to act in concert with others, but to survive as ourselves, rather than simply as cogs in a wheel, we have to act alone.
But behavior in the human being is sometimes a defense, a way of concealing motives and thoughts, as language can be a way of hiding your thoughts and preventing communication.
I think we have to face the reality that in a society where there is a legitimate threat of terrorism, not being able to see one's face, not being able to have some sense of communication in that way, is for many societies a challenge.
The Internet is the most important single development in the history of human communication since the invention of call waiting.
We shall never be able to remove suspicion and fear as potential causes of war until communication is permitted to flow, free and open, across international boundaries.
Two prisoners whose cells adjoin communicate with each other by knocking on the wall. The wall is the thing which separates them but is also their means of communication. It is the same with us and God. Every separation is a link.
A monopoly on the means of communication may define a ruling elite more precisely than the celebrated Marxian formula of monopoly in the means of production.
There are two barriers that often prevent communication between the young and their elders. The first is middle-aged forgetfulness of the fact that they themselves are no longer young. The second is youthful ignorance of the fact that the middle aged are still alive.
Communication is about being effective, not always about being proper.
The great work must inevitably be obscure, except to the very few, to those who like the author himself are initiated into the mysteries. Communication then is secondary: it is perpetuation which is important. For this only one good reader is necessary.
But communication is two-sided - vital and profound communication makes demands also on those who are to receive it... demands in the sense of concentration, of genuine effort to receive what is being communicated.
Nurses serve their patients in the most important capacities. We know that they serve as our first lines of communication when something goes wrong or when we are concerned about health.
It's a fact that more people watch television and get their information that way than read books. I find new technology and new ways of communication very exciting and would like to do more in this field.
Our most tragic error may have been our inability to establish a rapport and a confidence with the press and television with the communication media. I don't think the press has understood me.
One thing I've learned to appreciate as I've gotten a little older is direct forms of communication.
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight.
Evil communication corrupts good manners. I hope to live to hear that good communication corrects bad manners.
Societies have always been shaped more by the nature of the media by which men communicate than by the content of the communication.
A degree of lying - you know, white lies - seems to be inherent in all languages and all forms of communication.
The major advances in speed of communication and ability to interact took place more than a century ago. The shift from sailing ships to telegraph was far more radical than that from telephone to email!
And it's absolutely true that male sexual behaviour and female responses to male demands change a lot when they start communicating - and the levels of the communication that I've seen on the ground in very, very poor areas are so high and I think why don't we have that here?
We need men and women to sit down and talk to each other about sex honestly and openly. That would help us fight Aids so immediately. But our lack of communication is hugely problematic.
My stay-married secret would probably be exercising good communication, not when you have to but all the time. I think if you do that, you kinda just cleanse the situations, so there's not build up. I think that's probably the best way to do it.
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success are concentration, discrimination, organization, innovation and communication.
Music is about communication... it isn't just something that maybe physically sounds good or orally sounds interesting it's something far, far deeper than that.
I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth - I just hate what is being done with it.
Making movies is not rocket science. It's about relationships and communication and strangers coming together to see if they can get along harmoniously, productively, and creatively. That's a challenge. When it works, it's fantastic and will lift you up. When it doesn't work, it's almost just as fascinating.
To succeed, you will soon learn, as I did, the importance of a solid foundation in the basics of education - literacy, both verbal and numerical, and communication skills.
The first reason for the preponderant influence of those Evangelicals who define themselves as advocates of Religious Right theological and political ideologies is that they have both the financial means and technological know-how to make widespread use of modern electronic forms of communication.
And once you get instantaneous communication with everybody, you have economic activity that's far more advanced, far more liquid, far more distributed than ever before.
The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success.
Communication is so key.
But theater, because of its nature, both text, images, multimedia effects, has a wider base of communication with an audience. That's why I call it the most social of the various art forms.
What is music anyway? It's a form of communication, and that's why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication.
There must be a reason why photographers are not very good at verbal communication. I think we get lazy.
Technique is communication: the two words are synonymous in conductors.
I'm interested in the theater because I'm interested in communication with audiences. Otherwise I would be in concert music.
I won't compare ants and people, but ants give us a useful model of how single members of a community can become so organized that they end up resembling, in effect, one big collective brain. Our own exploding population and communication technology are leading us that way.
The new artists coming through were very materialistic and Hollywood, not so engaged in communication.
In a way song writing can almost be detrimental, because suddenly you find an outlet that is a kind of cheating. You don't need to have direct communication. You can say, 'I can't describe it to you, but I will record it and send it to you.'
That said, the question remains: how to strike the balance between free speech and mutual respect in this mixed-up world, both blessed and cursed with instant communication? We should not fight fire with fire, threats with threats.
I believe that no matter what you do in life, if you learn the basics through theater, it will help you in everything else - problem solving, communication, discipline, all of that stuff.
People make music to get a reaction. Music is communication.
What does music mean to me? I don't think I would really be much without it, without it coming through me. It's my means of communication, my means of growth, my means of transportation from one point in my life to another.
I can't be a hypocrite as a coach because as a player that's what I wanted. I wanted feedback, I wanted communication from the boss. I showed up for work, you can yell at me if you want, but I want input. So that's the kind of coach I want to be.
I speak onstage to try to establish some method of communication. The songs are supposed to be a way of communicating. But speech and drinks and sometimes chocolates are also a way of communicating.
The mind, in proportion as it is cut off from free communication with nature, with revelation, with God, with itself, loses its life, just as the body droops when debarred from the air and the cheering light from heaven.
That's why I do this music business thing, it's communication with people without having the extreme inconvenience of actually phoning anybody up.
You're talking about a younger generation, Generation Y, whose interpersonal communication skills are different from Generation X. The younger generation is more comfortable saying something through a digital mechanism than even face to face.
We emphasize that such a form of communication is not absent in man, however evanescent a naturally given object may be for him, split as it is in its submission to symbols.
I never told a victim story about my imprisonment. Instead, I told a transformation story - about how prison changed my outlook, about how I saw that communication, truth, and trust are at the heart of power.
People recognize certain things, like 'D' means 'this dialogue stinks.' We're dealing with shows that are written here, shot in New York and posted back here. Accurate communication is a necessity.
My wife and I have built trust with our children and have always had open communication.
I don't think there has been enough communication between the players and the tournaments. In one sense it's just as much the players' fault. Players talk between each other and in the locker room about things that can be improved and then when the time comes to talk and really do something about it they stop.
I slept for four years. I didn't study much of anything. I majored in something called communication arts.
Anonymous blog comments, vapid video pranks and lightweight mash-ups may seem trivial and harmless, but as a whole, this widespread practice of fragmentary, impersonal communication has demeaned personal interaction.
It's populated by people who, by and large, have terrific communication skills. Every day is an extraordinary day. For me, it was just a great area for storytelling.
The thing I've come to learn is that what's great about small independent films is the intimacy and the communication that occurs when you're making them.
I don't understand why people whose entire lives or their corporate success depends on communication, and yet they are led on occasion by CEOs who cannot talk their way out of a paper bag and don't care to.
Ideology and communication more often than not run into each other rather than complement each other. Principle and communication work together. Ideology and communication often work apart.
I do a little fact checking now and then. Other than that its impact is simply that email has revolutionized communication for me, and my website has built up a community of readers, which is a lot of fun.
Civilization grew in the beginning from the minute that we had communication - particularly communication by sea that enabled people to get inspiration and ideas from each other and to exchange basic raw materials.
The level of communication you can achieve with an infant is really profound.
There is a world of communication which is not dependent on words.
During the past few decades, modern technology, with radio, TV, air travel, and satellites, has woven a network of communication which puts each part of the world in to almost instant contact with all the other parts.
I understand why people went nuts for 'The Artist.' We use words so much, it's nice to be able to explore a different way of communication, to be able to express silently what someone - or something - is thinking or feeling.
The art of communication is the language of leadership.
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard.
It's a difficult undertaking. I've been married for four years and I see this movie as a cautionary tale about people who've gone deeply out of communication.
As a whole, the managers today are different in temperament. Most have very good communication skills and are more understanding of the umpire's job. That doesn't mean they are better managers. It just means that I perceive today's managers a bit differently.
The thing that I've always been slightly frustrated with, was that the idea of a CD is kind of confined to a material possession that you can put on a shelf. And the idea of music, for me, is always about both the communication and the sharing of content. And so the interactive part is missing.
There's all these ways to instantly communicate - cars, computers, telephone and transportation - and even with all that, it's so hard to find people and have an honest communication with them.
The filmmaking process is a very personal one to me, I mean it really is a personal kind of communication. It's not as though its a study of fear or any of that stuff.
Just as characteristic, perhaps, is the intellectual interdependence created through the development of the modern media of communication: post, telegraph, telephone, and popular press.
No one who set out to design a form of communication would ever end up with anything like English, Mandarin, or any of the more than six thousand languages spoken today.
We have to realize only in communication, in real knowledge, in real reaching out, can there be an understanding that there's humanity everywhere, and that's what I'm trying to do.
I've worked very hard in this book to keep the lines of communication open. I don't want to turn someone away from this information for partisan political reasons.
After all, it's the future of business communication that we're looking toward.
By and large, the critics and readers gave me an affirmed sense of my identity as a writer. You might know this within yourself, but to have it affirmed by others is of utmost importance. Writing is, after all, a form of communication.
To conclude: good journalism is one of the models of good conversation and communication in the wider social context.
Eventually, it is found out but it takes time especially in the conditions when communication is difficult, when the enemy is making it extremely awkward for information to come out, to go.
A world community can exist only with world communication, which means something more than extensive short-wave facilities scattered about the globe. It means common understanding, a common tradition, common ideas, and common ideals.
I love the rehearsal process in the theatre, and the visceral sense of contact and communication with a live audience.
Being a good Hans Haacke student, part of his influence on me is that there's no difference between a gallery show and a film - or even an ad and a T-shirt-in terms of cultural legitimacy. They're just different contexts in which to have some sort of communication.
Music and politics are in essence about communication. Without over-stretching the analogy I do feel a sense of rhythm is important in getting your message across.
This communication alone, by the comparison of the antagonisms, rivalries, movements which give birth to decisive moments, permits the evolution of the soul, whereby a man realizes himself on earth. It is impossible to be concerned with anything else in art.
There are people still in the Republican Party that I believe practice the communication of anger, of disappointment, of regret, of pain, of sorrow, of suffering. That's not what the American people want to hear.
Republicans use think tanks to come up with a lot of their messages. The think tanks are the single worst, most undisciplined example of communication I've ever seen.
Power in America today is control of the means of communication.
As everyone in Louisiana knows, there was often no communication or coordination between the state and federal government in the aftermath of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.
It has to be able to play at the maximum expression and communication in every style, and the only way you can do that is - like Verdi said - working with a file, every day, little by little, until the orchestra's collective qualities emerge.
I feel like I was writing as I was learning to talk. Writing was always a go-to form of communication. And I knew I could sing from being in tune with the radio.
I feel like I was writing as I was learning to talk. Writing was always a go to form of communication.
That was when I realised that music is the most profound, magical form of communication there is.
There is no roles. No one is keeping any roles. The drummer is also answering everybody and everything. So it is a constant conversation and communication between musicians on an extremely high level with extremely valuable material, motifs, and melodies.
Yet, in spite of this world-wide system of linkages, there is, at this very moment, a general feeling that communication is breaking down everywhere, on an unparalleled scale.
I mean, what is music anyway? It's a form of communication - at least for me it is. And that's why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.
Walt put everything he knew about communication with images into the park, so it was very familiar.
I started on the use of the Internet for scientific communication. Our research group was one of the very first to make really systematic use of it as a way of managing research projects.
It is quite an illusion to imagine that one adjusts to reality essentially without the use of language and that language is merely an incidental means of solving specific problems of communication or reflection.
But I absolutely believe that architecture is a social activity that has to do with some sort of communication or places of interaction, and that to change the environment is to change behaviour.
Measured in time of transport and communication, the whole round globe is now smaller than a small European country was a hundred years ago.
I didn't know folk music growing up, no. It's something I've come to study, really, because I think there's so much to learn from traditional music in the sense of the way music began as a way of communication, the traveling storyteller, the bard, the minstrels.
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
On the other hand, in a society whose communication component is becoming more prominent day by day, both as a reality and as an issue, it is clear that language assumes a new importance.
Now it is evident that a little insight into the customs of every people is necessary to insure a kindly communication this, joined with patience and kindness, will seldom fail with the natives of the interior.
Communication is the key, and it's one thing I had to learn-to talk to the actors. I was so involved with the visual and technical aspects that I would forget about the actors.
On the other hand, the American public possesses a great resilience and strength, and good risk communication strategies can tap into and even amplify those assets.
Music is a very personal and emotional form of communication.
Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time, that that would be one of their main forms of communication.
I find that communication as an actor and person is an important part of who I am. And I'm really drawn into the psychology of those dynamics.
These sites have torn down the geographical divide that once prevented long distance social relationships from forming, allowing instant communication and connections to take place and a virtual second life to take hold for its users.
The Internet has brought communities across the globe closer together through instant communication.
I agree that it is not just the extremists who harbor bad thoughts or engage in bad acts, but they are usually the source of the polarization and try to keep education and communication of the main stream from moving forward.
One of them, for example, which will probably haunt me more than any other is the problem of communication.
It's so important for those living with chronic pain to establish good communication with both their healthcare professionals and caregivers. Clear communication about pain is vital to receiving proper diagnosis and effective treatment.
The biggest lesson I've learned by living abroad for the last four years is the importance of communication.
Being a good television screenwriter requires an understanding of the way film accelerates the communication of words.
The inventions and the great discoveries have opened up whole continents to reciprocal communication and interchange, provided we are willing.
It is difficult to imagine how any behavior in the presence of another person can avoid being a communication of one's own view of the nature of one's relationship with that person and how it can fail to influence that person.
The thing I do, really, is a communication with audiences more than any achievement through records.
I follow my conscience - and this is upsetting to some people, but I maintain the conscience is going to be the only thing between us and communication in the future.
However, even during the preparations for action, we laid our plans in such a manner that should there be progress through diplomatic negotiation, we would be well prepared to cancel operations at the latest moment that communication technology would have permitted.
When first starting to work with someone you try to get them in the same mindset that you were in when you were successful, and I realized the best thing you can ever do is realize that they are not you. They have a different persona and mindset, and you have to figure out what works best within your communication with that athlete.
Yes, it must be something that goes very well with my voice, let's say something that I understand that this would be good communication with the others, and I don't pretend for instance, to look for music that would be something that doesn't go with my personality.
Today, most young women are exposed to technology at a very young age, with mobile phones, tablets, the Web or social media. They are much more proficient with technology than prior generations since they use it for all their school work, communication and entertainment.
But if I can be convinced and then through the work that we do together, the orchestra can really be convinced of the big sweep of that communication that the piece suggests, then the audience will get it and it will be a good experience for all of us.
People aren't going to talk about it except me and that is communication and the visits I have personally had in our meetings with our store managers saying if you do these things you will be terminated, period.
I have a very open line of communication with both my children.
Without television and mass communication, that knowledge wouldn't exist. So I think it actually has the possibility of turning people into more understanding and more empathetic people.
So as I look at transitioning to the communication platforms of the future, I see that the beauty of Internet protocols is you get the separation of the layers between service and technology.
I think sex is very interesting for most people, but I'm interested in sex as a way of communication, I'm not that interested in the fantasy version of a sex scene.
Unlike then, the mail stream of today has diminished by such things as e-mails and faxes and cell phones and text messages, largely electronic means of communication that replace mail.
I'm glad you asked that question, because of any musical situation I've been in, the communication feels great here with Russell. He really pays close attention to what I'm doing because he cares.
In this great age of communication, there a lot of people you can't actually understand. I know everyone tweets, and twits and texts and all that, but actually we've all got voices, and it is awfully nice to hear them and if you can understand what people are saying.
The nations of the West hope that by means of steam communication all the world will become as one family.
But despite the universality of URLs, we often forget that they're not just a handy way to address network resources. They're also valuable communication tools.
When I did it with Johnny, it was almost a telepathic kind of communication.
I shall suggest, on the contrary, that all communication relies, to a noticeable extent on evoking knowledge that we cannot tell, and that all our knowledge of mental processes, like feelings or conscious intellectual activities, is based on a knowledge which we cannot tell.
Poetry is the communication through words of certain experiences that can be communicated in no other way.
Anybody who thinks that getting a communication from a voter in your district is spam - that guy is pork. Roast pork unless he changes his point of view.
It's communication - that's what theatre is all about.
Music is the social act of communication among people, a gesture of friendship, the strongest there is.
The eventual place the American army should take on the western front was to a large extent influenced by the vital question of communication and supply.
God joins us together by means of the body, in consequence of the laws of the communication of movements. He affects us with the same feelings in consequence of the laws of the conjunction of body and soul.
Their spirituality was in nature, even though Emerson was a preacher on the pulpit, he ended up going out into nature for direct, face-to-face communication with God, if you want to call all of this creation part of God.
I don't start with a design objective, I start with a communication objective. I feel my project is successful if it communicates what it is supposed to communicate.
I didn't have a lot of communication with Elvis. You had to go through a barricade to get to Elvis. It was people hanging on every word, and I felt very uncomfortable a lot of times.
Gradually I became aware of details: a company of French soldiers was marching through the streets of the town. They broke formation, and went in single file along the communication trench leading to the front line. Another group followed them.
I do not pretend to know precisely what is on foot there but I think it pretty evident that there is a very free communication between that country and this body, and unless I am greatly mistaken, I see the dwarfish medium by which that communication is kept up.
If you improve a teacher's self-esteem, confidence, communication skills or stress levels, you improve that teacher's overall effectiveness across the curriculum.
Canada's a huge country, so to be able to unite the country through communication satellite technology or to be able to observe it through remote sensing technology from space is a natural fit for a country like Canada.
States are looking for low-cost solutions that will enable better communication, while avoiding the danger in which the chain of command breaks down in emergencies. We do not want everyone talking to everyone else all the time.
Significant officials at publicly traded companies are casually and cavalierly engaged in insider trading. Because insider trading has as one of its elements communication, it doesn't take rocket science to realize it's nice to have the communication on tape.
With Jackson there was quiet solitude. Just to sit and look at the landscape. An inner quietness. After dinner, to sit on the back porch and look at the light. No need for talking. For any kind of communication.
Today, comics is one of the very few forms of mass communication in which individual voices still have a chance to be heard.
My mother and I always had full adult communication.
You don't have any communication between the Israelis and the Iranians. You have all sorts of local triggers for conflict. Having countries act on a hair trigger - where they can't afford to be second to strike - the potential for a miscalculation or a nuclear war through inadvertence is simply too high.
The church acknowledges some Scientologists choose to sever communications with family members who leave. The church says it is a fundamental human right to cease communication with someone. It adds disconnection is used against expelled members and those who attack the church.
We know that communication must be hampered, and its form largely determined, by the unconscious but inevitable influence of a transmitting mechanism, whether that be of a merely mechanical or of a physiological character.
The Internet has changed everything. We expect to know everything instantly. If you don't understand digital communication, you're at a disadvantage.
The other thing about FEMA, my understanding is that it was supposed to move into the Department of Homeland Security... and be what it was, but also having a lot of lateral communication with all those others involved in that issue of homeland security.
My two daughters live on Facebook, and social media is their mode of communication.
The fact that we are I don't know how many millions of people, yet communication, complete communication, is completely impossible between two of those people, is to me one of the biggest tragic themes in the world.
It's about communication. It's about honesty. It's about treating people in the organization as deserving to know the facts. You don't try to give them half the story. You don't try to hide the story. You treat them as - as true equals, and you communicate and you communicate and communicate.
Strange about parents. We have such easy access to them and such daunting problems of communication.
Illiteracy is rampant. People are out of communication.
The speed of communication, the speed of information transfer, the cheapness of communication, the ease of moving things around the world are a difference in kind as well as degree.
As soon as you judge communication a little more rigorously, there is a possibility that the message will not be democratized. I have to say what I believe to be right. I have to spread out the statement among all the means of expression available to us at present.
The interest in the supernatural in a very generic sense and in the spiritual is not in itself a factor that helps the communication of the Christian faith.
The more elaborate our means of communication, the less we communicate.
We intend to keep the lines of communication open with the Defense Department so we can help our border law enforcement agencies navigate the equipment application process.
It is vital that the United States maintains open lines of communication with our allies. We must assure them of our commitment to eradicating global terrorism wherever it may reside or wherever it's given haven.
As our country increasingly relies on electronic information storage and communication, it is imperative that our Government amend our information security laws accordingly.
The first work of the director is to set a mood so that the actor's work can take place, so that the actor can create. And in order to do that, you have to communicate, communicate with the actors. And direction is about communication on all levels.
I have seen that technology has contributed to improved communication, that it's contributed to better health care, that it's contributed to better food supplies, that it has contributed to all the basic human needs.
But picketing - picketing for or against something, and handing out literature - these are conspicuously formal actions. They have to be understood as indirect communication.
All poetry has to do is to make a strong communication. All the poet has to do is listen. The poet is not an important fellow. There will also be another poet.
The communication is in the work and words are no substitute for this.
You know, my dad wasn't a photographer or filmmaker by profession, but on Sundays, he would take pictures of me and my family or his pals horseback riding, and it was a means of communication and affection, a means of not being so dysfunctional with each other.
I work on OpenBSD fulltime, as the project leader. I set some directions, increase communication between the developers, and try to be involved in nearly every aspect of the base system.
My approach is so simple every song I sing, every story I tell, every move I make, must move the audience to laughter, tears, or inspiration. Otherwise, why do it? It's the communication.
I wrote somewhere during the Cold War that I sometimes wish the Iron Curtain were much taller than it is, so that you could see whether the development of science with no communication was parallel on the two sides. In this case it certainly wasn't.
Mental communication without verbalization... all space is made up of waves and we are constantly sending and receiving messages from our brain.
The first legislation that I produced relating to the Internet was a bill to overturn a restriction inside of the law that prohibited the Internet backbone from being used for anything other than research and scientific and educational communication.
Music is the greatest communication in the world. Even if people don't understand the language that you're singing in, they still know good music when they hear it.
Communication is very important. And the arts do that, whether it's film or theater.
To devise an information processing system capable of getting along on its own - it must handle its own problems of programming, bookkeeping, communication and coordination with its users. It must appear to its users as a single, integrated personality.
If anything characterizes the cultural life of the seventies in America, it is an insistence on preventing failures of communication.
Tim and Fritz Lang I loved working with. Not Hitchcock so much. There was no communication.
It frequently happens that two persons, reasoning right on a mechanical subject, think alike and invent the same thing without any communication with each other.
Art must unquestionably have a social value that is, as a potential means of communication it must be addressed, and in comprehensible terms, to the understanding of mankind.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Computers are like Old Testament gods lots of rules and no mercy.
I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
I think it's fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool we've ever created. They're tools of communication, they're tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user.
Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done.
Computers are magnificent tools for the realization of our dreams, but no machine can replace the human spark of spirit, compassion, love, and understanding.
Security is, I would say, our top priority because for all the exciting things you will be able to do with computers - organizing your lives, staying in touch with people, being creative - if we don't solve these security problems, then people will hold back.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest.
The new information technology... Internet and e-mail... have practically eliminated the physical costs of communications.
Personally, I rather look forward to a computer program winning the world chess championship. Humanity needs a lesson in humility.
A wonderful thing about a book, in contrast to a computer screen, is that you can take it to bed with you.
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.
The computer is a moron.
Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don't let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months.
I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.'
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog.
I am not the only person who uses his computer mainly for the purpose of diddling with his computer.
The Internet: transforming society and shaping the future through chat.
The basis of computer work is predicated on the idea that only the brain makes decisions and only the index finger does the work.
Think? Why think! We have computers to do that for us.
No one ever said on their deathbed, 'Gee, I wish I had spent more time alone with my computer'.
I was afraid of the internet... because I couldn't type.
It's hardware that makes a machine fast. It's software that makes a fast machine slow.
Many of our own people here in this country do not ask about computers, telephones and television sets. They ask - when will we get a road to our village.
It's been my policy to view the Internet not as an 'information highway,' but as an electronic asylum filled with babbling loonies.
Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.
Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business.
Computing is not about computers any more. It is about living.
Reading computer manuals without the hardware is as frustrating as reading manuals without the software.
To err is human but to really foul up requires a computer.
In the practical world of computing, it is rather uncommon that a program, once it performs correctly and satisfactorily, remains unchanged forever.
Because I believe that humans are computers, I conjectured that computers, like people, can have left- and right-handed versions.
People think computers will keep them from making mistakes. They're wrong. With computers you make mistakes faster.
Computers are famous for being able to do complicated things starting from simple programs.
I wouldn't know how to find eBay on the computer if my life depended on it.
We're entering a new world in which data may be more important than software.
Shareware tends to combine the worst of commercial software with the worst of free software.
I happen to think that computers are the most important thing to happen to musicians since the invention of cat-gut which was a long time ago.
The power of the computer is starting to spread.
One of the most feared expressions in modern times is 'The computer is down.'
Access to computers and the Internet has become a basic need for education in our society.
If you could utilize the resources of the end users' computers, you could do things much more efficiently.
In computing, turning the obvious into the useful is a living definition of the word 'frustration'.
Nanotechnology will let us build computers that are incredibly powerful. We'll have more power in the volume of a sugar cube than exists in the entire world today.
What I was proud of was that I used very few parts to build a computer that could actually speak words on a screen and type words on a keyboard and run a programming language that could play games. And I did all this myself.
If you like overheads, you'll love PowerPoint.
Modern people are only willing to believe in their computers, while I believe in myself.
The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim.
Computers have virtually replaced tape recorders.
The good news about computers is that they do what you tell them to do. The bad news is that they do what you tell them to do.
We can do things that we never could before. Stop-motion lets you build tiny little worlds, and computers make that world even more believable.
If your computer speaks English, it was probably made in Japan.
I just became one with my browser software.
When I write software, I know that it will fail, either due to my own mistake, or due to some other cause.
Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining.
The only legitimate use of a computer is to play games.
Every piece of software written today is likely going to infringe on someone else's patent.
Even in the developing parts of the world, kids take to computers like fish to water.
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.
Gee, I am a complete Luddite when it comes to computers, I can barely log on!
You can't trust the internet.
I got up with my wife, I sat down at the computer when she went to work, and I didn't stop until she got home.
The Internet is not just one thing, it's a collection of things - of numerous communications networks that all speak the same digital language.
Even when I work with computers, with high technology, I always try to put in the touch of the hand.
Bill Gates is the pope of the personal computer industry. He decides who's going to build.
I am regularly asked what the average Internet user can do to ensure his security. My first answer is usually 'Nothing you're screwed'.
Yet in this global economy, no jobs are safe. High-speed Internet connections and low-cost, skilled labor overseas are an explosive combination.
The future lies in designing and selling computers that people don't realize are computers at all.
I do two things. I design mobile computers and I study brains.
The Internet is a powerful way to make lots of money... But we are not going to buy Yahoo!
I'm too old-fashioned to use a computer. I'm too old-fashioned to use a quill.
What do we want our kids to do? Sweep up around Japanese computers?
Right now, computers, which are supposed to be our servant, are oppressing us.
I got interested in computers and how they could be enslaved to the megalomaniac impulses of a teenager.
What I try to do is factor in how people use computers, what people's problems are, and how these technologies can get applied to those problems. Then I try to direct the various product groups to act on this information.
We demand privacy, yet we glorify those that break into computers.
Software comes from heaven when you have good hardware.
The digital revolution is far more significant than the invention of writing or even of printing.
The internet is not for sissies.
If net neutrality goes away, it will fundamentally change everything about the Internet.
I've tried word processors, but I think I'm too old a dog to use one.
As a rule, software systems do not work well until they have been used, and have failed repeatedly, in real applications.
What we did not imagine was a Web of people, but a Web of documents.
Computers make me totally blank out.
Computers themselves, and software yet to be developed, will revolutionize the way we learn.
We're going to be able to ask our computers to monitor things for us, and when certain conditions happen, are triggered, the computers will take certain actions and inform us after the fact.
This is what customers pay us for - to sweat all these details so it's easy and pleasant for them to use our computers. We're supposed to be really good at this. That doesn't mean we don't listen to customers, but it's hard for them to tell you what they want when they've never seen anything remotely like it.
I just think people have a lot of fiction. But, you know, I mean, the real story of Facebook is just that we've worked so hard for all this time. I mean, the real story is actually probably pretty boring, right? I mean, we just sat at our computers for six years and coded.
Few companies that installed computers to reduce the employment of clerks have realized their expectations... They now need more, and more expensive clerks even though they call them 'operators' or 'programmers.'
There is no heaven or afterlife for broken-down computers that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark.
There is a computer disease that anybody who works with computers knows about. It's a very serious disease and it interferes completely with the work. The trouble with computers is that you 'play' with them!
There is a real danger that computers will develop intelligence and take over. We urgently need to develop direct connections to the brain so that computers can add to human intelligence rather than be in opposition.
Globalization, as defined by rich people like us, is a very nice thing... you are talking about the Internet, you are talking about cell phones, you are talking about computers. This doesn't affect two-thirds of the people of the world.
Computers and the Internet have made it really easy to rant. It's made everyone overly opinionated.
The real story of Facebook is just that we've worked so hard for all this time. I mean, the real story is actually probably pretty boring, right? I mean, we just sat at our computers for six years and coded.
Don't try to be like Jackie. There is only one Jackie. Study computers instead.
I'm interested in all kinds of pictures, however they are made, with cameras, with paint brushes, with computers, with anything.
That's what happens nowadays with people working on computers. They can so easily fix things with their mouse and take out all the, 'Oh, somebody coughed in the background we need to take that out' - or somebody hit a bad note. Those are all the best moments.
Google is working on self-driving cars, and they seem to work. People are so bad at driving cars that computers don't have to be that good to be much better.
We're getting so pulled in by computers and technology, and our kids have their face in the computers all day. The human relationship is being diminished by this.
I have a crazy amount of different jobs, so the way I manage that is to not do more than one at a time. It's like old computers that had small memory chips, they would do something called swapping, where they would fill the memory with one task, do it and get it out.
Electronic aids, particularly domestic computers, will help the inner migration, the opting out of reality. Reality is no longer going to be the stuff out there, but the stuff inside your head. It's going to be commercial and nasty at the same time.
People are so bad at driving cars that computers don't have to be that good to be much better. Any time you stand in line at the D.M.V. and look around, you're like, Oh, my God, I wish all these people were replaced by computer drivers.
Technology is like water it wants to find its level. So if you hook up your computer to a billion other computers, it just makes sense that a tremendous share of the resources you want to use - not only text or media but processing power too - will be located remotely.
It was used for decades to describe talented computer enthusiasts, people whose skill at using computers to solve technical problems and puzzles was - and is - respected and admired by others possessing similar technical skills.
Why does everyone think the future is space helmets, silver foil, and talking like computers, like a bad episode of Star Trek?
I understand that computers, which I once believed to be but a hermaphrodite typewriter-cum-filing cabinet, offer the cyber literate increased ability to communicate. I do not think this is altogether a bad thing, however it may appear on the surface.
You have riches and freedom here but I feel no sense of faith or direction. You have so many computers, why don't you use them in the search for love?
I use many different gadgets connected with computers I use PCs, laptops and a Palm Pilot. I also use the Internet to visit websites, especially within Polish-language Internet. I usually go to political discussion groups and sites - of course, as I use my real name, people never believe that they are chatting with me!
I'm not afraid of computers taking over the world.
I don't know anything about computers.
I get hired to hack into computers now and sometimes it's actually easier than it was years ago.
Today, computers are almost second nature to most of us.
I've always been at the intersection of computers and whatever they can revolutionize.
In the past, missionaries have traveled to far countries with the message of the gospel - with great hardship and often with the loss of life. In contrast, we can reach millions instantly from the comfort of our homes by merely hitting the 'send' button on our computers, or with iPads, or phones.
Keep in mind that there are computers, that do touch things up. Like when I got a hold of the poster for 'Gold Diggers,' I said: 'Hey, wait a minute! Those aren't my teeth!'
It always helps to be a good programmer. It is important to like computers and to be able to think of things people would want to do with their computers.
The technological revolution at home makes it much easier for computers to do our work.
I wish people would turn off their computers, go outside, talk to people, touch people, lick people, enjoy each other's company and smell each other on the rump.
The Semantic Web is not a separate Web but an extension of the current one, in which information is given well-defined meaning, better enabling computers and people to work in cooperation.
We could say we want the Web to reflect a vision of the world where everything is done democratically. To do that, we get computers to talk with each other in such a way as to promote that ideal.
It appears that the media filters we carry in our heads are like computers: they've been forced to get faster in order to keep up with the demands our high-speed society puts on them.
Musicians and journalists are the canaries in the coalmine, but, eventually, as computers get more and more powerful, it will kill off all middle-class professions.
I am of the very last generation who didn't have computers at school. As we grow old we'll become something of an aberration.
Our lives sometimes depend on computers performing as predicted.
The only thing I do on a computer is play Texas Hold 'Em, really. Obviously my cell phone is a computer. My car is a computer. I'm on computers every day without actively seeking them out.
The next major explosion is going to be when genetics and computers come together. I'm talking about an organic computer - about biological substances that can function like a semiconductor.
I look like a geeky hacker, but I don't know anything about computers.
Yeah, computers are going to take over the programming business because they have become so fast recently that they can solve the Halting Problem in five seconds flat.
I think I thought it would be important for electronics as we knew it then, but that was a much simpler business and electronics was mostly radio and television and the first computers.
When I launched the development of the GNU system, I explicitly said the purpose of developing this system is so we can use our computers and have freedom, thus if you use some other free system instead but you have freedom, then it's a success. It's not popularity for our code but it's success for our goal.
The great advance of personal computers was not the computing power per se but the fact that it brought it right to your face, that you had control over it, that were confronted with it and could steer it.
I'm a very simple person. I don't use computers.
With our work at Kazaa, we began seeing growing broadband connections and more powerful computers and more streaming multimedia, and we saw that the traditional way of communicating by phone no longer made a lot of sense.
When I'm not writing or tweaking my computer, I do embroidery. When I'm not plunging into the past, tweaking, or embroidering, I'm reading books about history, computers, or embroidery.
There's all these ways to instantly communicate - cars, computers, telephone and transportation - and even with all that, it's so hard to find people and have an honest communication with them.
I'm really anti-option, so computers have been my nightmare with recording. I don't want endless tracks I want less tracks. I want decisions to be made.
I was a 'Duck Hunt' and 'Mario' guy, and stuff like that. I was never technologically driven. I never had all the cool, new toys. I was the youngest child, I wasn't the only child, so I wasn't spoiled as a kid. And, we were on the farm, so we didn't have a lot. Also, with computers, I'm not very good with them. I just check my email.
We're just into toys, whether it's motorcycles or race cars or computers. I've got the Palm Pilot right here with me, I've got the world's smallest phone. Maybe it's just because I'm still a big little kid and I just love toys, you know?
Anyway, all these computers and digital gadgets are no good. They just fill your head with numbers and that can't be good for you.
My whole life had been designing computers I could never build.
At our computer club, we talked about it being a revolution. Computers were going to belong to everyone, and give us power, and free us from the people who owned computers and all that stuff.
My goal wasn't to make a ton of money. It was to build good computers.
We've lost touch and allowed technology to take precedence over organic nature. But let's not forget that those microchips in our computers came from elements of the earth.
When I grew up we had gym at school, two or three dance classes after school, ice skating lessons, and all sorts of sports at our finger tips. We weren't glued to computers because they didn't exist, so being active was all we knew.
Kids today are smarter than we ever were. And they've got computers, too, which is awesome. They're scary to me.
A lot of journalists like to suck up to celebrities, and then as soon as they're a safe distance away at their computers, they take shots. But that's the way society has become, especially in pop culture.
I take computers practically apart and put them back together. I have a supercomputer I built over the years out of different computers.
I know so many people who actually just watch television on their computers now and don't even really watch their TV anymore.
You can involve yourself in electronics, computers, puzzles... there's a lot of creativity and brain working. There's a lot to model trains that people don't realize.
Man-made computers are limited in their performance by finite processing speed and memory. So, too, the cosmic computer is limited in power by its age and the finite speed of light.
From cell phones to computers, quality is improving and costs are shrinking as companies fight to offer the public the best product at the best price. But this philosophy is sadly missing from our health-care insurance system.
I think we are at the very beginning of high changes, not only in terms of digital film, but in the way the movies will be screened, whether they'll be screened on phones, on computers - on everything.
You have to wait for people to program you. The only difference is the amount of people that you're going to reach but that's going to even out in the next two or three years anyway. Computers are being bought faster than televisions right now.
To me, there is something superbly symbolic in the fact that an astronaut, sent up as assistant to a series of computers, found that he worked more accurately and more intelligently than they. Inside the capsule, man is still in charge.
One of the problems with computers, particularly for the older people, is they were befuddled by them, and the computers have gotten better. They have gotten easier to use. They have gotten less expensive. The software interfaces have made things a lot more accessible.
One of the biggest challenges we had in the first decade was not that many people had personal computers. There weren't that many people to sell to, and it was hard to identify them.
Most of the musicians that I know almost to the man everybody uses Apple computers. They've thought of the steps that you're going to think of when you're trying to create your thing. And that's where the tools get invented to make better art.
If the machines can take the drudgery out of it and just leave us with the joy of drawing, then that's the best of both worlds - and I'll use those computers!
The ownership of computers in the home is far less than the statistics show, because usually when the computer breaks down once, that is the end of it for a long, long time. They do not have the money or incentive to get the computer repaired.
People assume that computers will do everything that humans do. Not good. People are different from each other and they are all really different from computers.
Your car should drive itself. It's amazing to me that we let humans drive cars... It's a bug that cars were invented before computers.
Computers, like automobiles and airplanes, do only what people tell them to do.
I've never had Internet access. Actually, I have looked at things on other people's computers as a bystander. A few times in my life I've opened email accounts, twice actually, but it's something I don't want in my life right now.
It was a huge challenge to learn digital painting well enough so that computers don't pop into mind when one sees one.
The trick with computers I think, is to approach old and new things with the same reverence as you would like your favourite chair and not be seduced by the constant innovation otherwise you never do anything.
It's interesting to see what people are saying about me. I like keep up with the latest rumors! A while back there was a rumor that I was going to do a film with Demi Moore about the takeover of Commodore computers!
Everyone has this perception that the bloggers, they say horrible things about you and they hide behind their computers where you can't see them.
The guy who knows about computers is the last person you want to have creating documentation for people who don't understand computers.
People who are more than casually interested in computers should have at least some idea of what the underlying hardware is like. Otherwise the programs they write will be pretty weird.
Lighter computers and lighter sensors would let you have more function in a given weight, which is very important if you are launching things into space, and you have to pay by the pound to put things there.
Every ISP is being attacked, maliciously both from in the United States and outside of the United States, by those who want to invade people's privacy. But more importantly they want to take control of computers, they want to hack them, they want to steal information.
Computers have become more friendly, understandable, and lots of years and thought have been put into developing software to convince people that they want and need a computer.
I don't care how big and fast computers are, they're not as big and fast as the world.
We have an epidemic of sexual predators following our children, whether it be on the computers, whether it be in our public parks, whether it be in the workplace, or even our schools.
Well, we didn't have our original drummer on our last record. And most of that album was not played as a band in the studio. It was mostly the world of computers and overdubs. There was very few things played live or worked out as a band.
But I'm so slow on it because I find it terribly hard writing blind on computers. The computer speaks to me, but it's just so slow, I'm so terribly slow using it.
I continue to meet people who have had their Web pages hijacked, their browsers corrupted, in some cases, their children exposed to inappropriate material from these dangerous programs hidden in their family computers.
It seems like everything that we see perceived in the brain before we actually use our own eyes, that everything we see is coming through computers or machines and then is being input in our brain cells. So that really worries me.
But computers have changed the world for everyone, so there will be some way of working it out.
The idea that so many kids eat rubbish and sit on computers all day long appals me and getting them into sport is a major way of getting them off computers and leading healthier lives.
Before computers, telephone lines and television connect us, we all share the same air, the same oceans, the same mountains and rivers. We are all equally responsible for protecting them.
Something else has happened with computers.
What's happened with society is that we have created these devices, computers, which already can register and process huge amounts of information, which is a significant fraction of the amount of information that human beings themselves, as a species, can process.
China has legally purchased high performance computers, advanced machine tools, and semiconductor-manufacturing equipment from several American companies.
Over the eons I've been a fan of, and sucker for, each latest automated system to 'simplify' and 'bring order to' my life. Very early on this led me to the beautiful-and-doomed Lotus Agenda for my DOS computers, and Actioneer for the early Palm.
I am a huge supporter for cash for caulkers - which allows people to make improvement for energy efficient in their homes. We should do the same for Americans purchasing appliances and computers and for that matter, new air-conditioner and heating units.
While the recent addition of the National Guard providing a support role manning computers and cameras has allowed more Border Patrol agents to work the field, more agents are still needed.
Comic books aren't nerdy. You'd have to be an idiot to think computers are nerdy.
My e-mail address is actually my wife's e-mail address. I actually hate computers.
People are craving this great progress in electronics, going after computers, the Internet, etc. It's a giant progress technologically. But they must have a balance of soul, a balance for human beauty. That means art has an important role.
Computers are scary. They're nightmares to fix, lose our stuff, and, on occasion, they crash, producing the blue screen of death. Steve Jobs knew this. He knew that computers were bulky and hernia-inducing and Darth Vader black. He understood the value of declarative design.
I like computers. I like the Internet. It's a tool that can be used. But don't be misled into thinking that these technologies are anything other than aspects of a degenerate economic system.
And it's here and it's ready and we can really revolutionize the way we educate our children with tablet computers, and I'm committed to doing whatever I can to speaking to whomever I can to send this signal - to pound this message home. Now is the time.
I don't look at computers as opponents. For me it is much more interesting to beat humans.
Eventually, I believe, current attempts to understand the mind by analogy with man-made computers that can perform superbly some of the same external tasks as conscious beings will be recognized as a gigantic waste of time.
It is an interesting fact that during my tour I was never allowed access to computers, radios, or anything else that I might damage through curiosity, or perhaps something more sinister.
Video games and computers have become babysitters for kids.
People are on their computers more than watching TV, because you can only watch voyeur TV, which is basically what reality shows are, for so long.
After a semester or so, my infatuation with computers burnt out as quickly as it had begun.
If I was designing a web site for elementary school children, I might have a much higher percentage of older computers with outdated browsers since keeping up with browser and hardware technology has not traditionally been a strong point of most elementary schools.
I am cursed with computers something always goes wrong.
Kids are finding out about the potential for discovery online from other sources many of them have computers at home, for instance, or their friends have them.
I realized that I loved using computers to create something, but being an architect just wasn't going to keep me interested. The idea of a life spent obsessing over bathroom details for an Upper East Side penthouse was pretty depressing.
Computers are hierarchical. We have a desktop and hierarchical files which have to mean everything.
They were saying computers deal with numbers. This was absolutely nonsense. Computers deal with arbitrary information of any kind.
Nowadays shots are created in post-production, on computers. It's not really photography.
People don't understand computers. Computers are magical boxes that do things. People believe what computers tell them.
So a more sensible thing it seemed to me was to go to Silicon Valley and be pushing on the technology companies to accelerate the use of audio and music in computers.
Interactive computers and software will, I think, provide a less costly method of doing some kinds of inquiry, in knowledge acquisition and even reasoning and interaction.
We all grew up, our grandmothers and mothers had about three channels to watch, so we watched those soaps and now, a generation has grown up with the Internet and computers and video games.
We can just assume they have much more and powerful, more advanced technology, all the new computers, everything could be much more easier and help them to build much more and many more nuclear weapons.
Well, my wife always says to me, and I think it's true, it's very difficult for us to understand the Elizabethan understanding and enjoyment and perception of form as it is to say... it would be for them to understand computers or going to the moon or something.
Diaspora starts about a thousand years from now. Most of human civilisation has moved inside computers essentially, a major branch of our descendants consists of conscious software.
Obviously, our children, who have been playing with their computers since the age of five or six, don't have quite the same brain as those who were brought up on wooden or metal toys, whose brains are certainly atrophied by comparison.
Smartphones can relay patients' data to hospital computers in a continuous stream. Doctors can alter treatment regimens remotely, instead of making patients come in for a visit.
A smartphone links patients' bodies and doctors' computers, which in turn are connected to the Internet, which in turn is connected to any smartphone anywhere. The new devices could put the management of an individual's internal organs in the hands of every hacker, online scammer, and digital vandal on Earth.
Computers rather frighten me, because I never did learn to type, so the whole thing seems extraordinarily complicated to me.
They went back there, looked at all the computers, asked me to come in and tell them what all the computers were for specifically so they knew how to dismantle the network I had been running.
When they were done downloading all the information off each hard drive, they took all the computers, all the literature, and loaded everything into a big white truck and left.
I am interested in computers and technology, and art, photography, and design.
Learning can take place in the backyard if there is a human being there who cares about the child. Before learning computers, children should learn to read first. They should sit around the dinner table and hear what their parents have to say and think.
Computers and electronic music are not the opposite of the warm human music. It's exactly the same.
And my real enemy is not to hold the specimen sterile, but it's the lighting. The light is our real enemy. So we have to work with very very poor lighting. But we can increase the light with computers.
That's the new way - with computers, computers, computers. That's the way we can have the cell survive and get some new information in high resolution. We started about five years ago and, today, I think we have reached the target.
I'm looking to evolve the concept of the new renaissance artist, taking the world by storm through the art of public display and demonstration, with technical savvy, using cell phones and computers.
I started getting into Internet technologies and computers. I wasn't especially interested in being a musician, but I wound up finding my way back to being interested in music through computers.
Equipped with cell phones, beepers, and handheld computers, the 'conspicuously industrious' blur the line between home and office by working anytime, anywhere.
From computers to information technology to airplanes, it has been America's unique blend of republican government and free-market capitalism that has allowed us to surpass all other nations in history.
Over and over again, financial experts and wonkish talking heads endeavor to explain these mysterious, 'toxic' financial instruments to us lay folk. Over and over, they ignobly fail, because we all know that no one understands credit default obligations and derivatives, except perhaps Mr. Buffett and the computers who created them.
Theaters are always going to be around, and doing fine. With computers and technology, we're becoming more and more secluded from each other. And the movie theater is one of the last places where we can still gather and experience something together. I don't think the desire for that magic will ever go away.
There were no PCs when I started programming on computers.
When the first computers started to come in, we tried to digitalize the seismological equipment.
There has never been an unexpectedly short debugging period in the history of computers.
Computers are to design as microwaves are to cooking.
I actually use a computer a lot. I have three computers that I use on a regular basis - one is on my desk top in my Washington office, another is at home, and I have my laptop that I use when I'm travelling.
There's my education in computers, right there this is the whole thing, everything I took out of a book.
The big question society will have to answer is whether it wants computers thinking like humans.
Today, computers help us making the music. It's really a tool.
Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances.
Rather be dead than cool.
All women do have a different sense of sexuality, or sense of fun, or sense of like what's sexy or cool or tough.
Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes.
It's really kind of cool to have solar panels on your roof.
I never cut class. I loved getting A's, I liked being smart. I liked being on time. I thought being smart is cooler than anything in the world.
Being cool is being your own self, not doing something that someone else is telling you to do.
Morgan Freeman is so class. He's so cool. He's so scary.
I'm not the kind of person who tries to be cool or trendy, I'm definitely an individual.
The simple truth is that balding African-American men look cool when they shave their heads, whereas balding white men look like giant thumbs.
He who keeps his cool best wins.
The cool thing is that now that people have made this evolution where cooking is cool, people are doing it on weekends, they're doing their own challenges. It's back to cooking. And it's real cooking.
It seems like once people grow up, they have no idea what's cool.
So there's nothing more provocative than taking a genre that everybody who's cool hates - and then making it cool.
All of my favorite people - people I really trust - none of them were cool in their younger years.
I can take it. The tougher it gets, the cooler I get.
You don't have to carry a designer bag that costs more than a car to look cool.
One cool judgment is worth a thousand hasty counsels. The thing to do is to supply light and not heat.
People look at me and see a calm, cool guy on the sidelines and I want them to know that my Christian faith affects my coaching and everything I do.
My perfect guy wears converse, is totally laid back, and doesn't worry about being cool.
To act coolly, intelligently and prudently in perilous circumstances is the test of a man - and also a nation.
I've never done anything because I thought it would look cool.
Summer bachelors, like summer breezes, are never as cool as they pretend to be.
People see my photos and think I labor over my image and I'm this cool, brooding artist. But I'm just having fun with it.
I'm cute - and God I hate that. Because that's not cool. I'm like your niece, and nobody wants to date their niece. It's the chubby cheeks. The whole reason people voted for me on American Idol is because I'm an everyday, normal girl.
I don't mind not being cool.
Sometimes just when I say hello the right way, I'm like, 'Whoa, I'm so cool.'
I'm cool with failing so long as I know that there are people around me that love me unconditionally.
It's cool just because I've had this dream of changing the sport of swimming and it's finally happening.
You get a timeless cool card in New York.
I think you create your own hipness.
Stop being conned by the old mantra that says, 'Leaders are cool, managers are dweebs.' Instead, follow the Peters Principle: Leaders are cool. Managers are cool too!
And not only that, I also have the MacBook Air which is really cool. Even my wife is jealous of my MacBook Air.
I've never been cool - and I don't care.
To create well I have to be in a good mood, happy and cool.
We're always bombarded with images from magazines of what looks cool and sexy.
Some people are cool with the fact that their bodies bear witness to this great thing they produced, their children, and I understand that. But on a personal level, it makes me feel better that my breasts are not down to my knees when I'm undressed in front of my husband.
Heroes don't wear diapers. It's just not cool.
Prominence is cool, but when the delusion kicks in it can be a drag. Especially if you choose to surround yourself with friends and not acolytes.
If at any moment of the day I ever think I'm remotely cool at all, which is hardly ever, I have two daughters who make sure that never happens.
You know, the diversity that America has is so special. It's starting to really become a cool thing for young people.
Every collection that I work on, I always think, Is this cool enough to wear to a concert?
I just tried to keep my cool and continue with my race plan: to win.
Good words cool more than cold water.
The secret was to just be cool, stay in God's graces, and work it out.
A girl came up to me in a bar and said she wanted to be my apple pie. I wish I'd said something cool, but I was stunned.
A lot of people are obsessed with looking cool. They feel they have to look after their image.
I'm a geeky toy collector, and to have toys of your own characters is unbelievably cool.
I'm from Iowa, we don't know what cool is!
I'm a flamboyant type of guy, a cooler version of Liberace.
I don't think of myself as hot or cool or anything, just a dork.
I am always looking for a cool tee shirt maybe one with a rock band or an old advertisement.
It's cool to have a well run, comfortable and inviting home.
I think I'm so old I'm in. We call it the 'Tony Bennett Syndrome.' For some reason, young people think I'm cool.
Be still and cool in thine own mind and spirit.
Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus, or just a really cool Opotamus?
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.
Vegetarians are cool. All I eat are vegetarians - except for the occasional mountain lion steak.
I'm a mirror. If you're cool with me, I'm cool with you, and the exchange starts. What you see is what you reflect. If you don't like what you see, then you've done something. If I'm standoffish, that's because you are.
I'm a Muslim, but I think Jesus would have a drink with me. He would be cool. He would talk to me.
I like low-maintenance girls, but at the same time, classy. She needs to take care of herself. But also be a girl who isn't afraid to get sweaty and play basketball, so it's cool if she's a tomboy.
The cool thing about being famous is traveling. I have always wanted to travel across seas, like to Canada and stuff.
Keep a cool head and maintain a low profile. Never take the lead - but aim to do something big.
I don't mind The Boss. I think he's an honest guy. I have some of his records, not all of them. I've met a couple of the E-Street guys, and they seem really cool.
Music is for people. The word 'pop' is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. I'm just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, I'm cool.
I'm someone who loves to enjoy life and tries to focus on real things and real friendships. That's why I live very simply. I'm a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl. I don't spend much time fixing myself up or trying to look cool. I live like a normal person and even though I'm in a very high-profile business, I really don't let it affect the way I live.
Most Americans are very cool people.
Cricket makes no sense to me. I find it beautiful to watch and I like that they break for tea. That is very cool, but I don't understand. My friends from The Clash tried to explain it years and years ago, but I didn't understand what they were talking about.
Keep cool anger is not an argument.
The high-spirited man may indeed die, but he will not stoop to meanness. Fire, though it may be quenched, will not become cool.
If your stomach disputes you, lie down and pacify it with cool thoughts.
I'm doing everything that I can, working with experts, really studying the statistics to figure out a way we can make it cool or normal to be kind and loving.
What people don't understand is joining a gang ain't bad, it's cool, it's fine. When you in the hood, joining a gang it's cool because all your friends are in the gang, all your family's in the gang. We're not just killing people every night, we're just hanging out, having a good time.
Where I come from it was really unheard of to be at a party and someone says, 'What kind of music do you make?', and you say, 'Pop music.' You may as well have 'I'm not cool' stamped on your forehead.
Summer is a great time to visit art museums, which offer the refreshing rinse of swimming pools - only instead of cool water, you immerse yourself in art.
I think it would be cool if you were writing a ransom note on your computer, if the paper clip popped up and said, 'Looks like you're writing a ransom note. Need help? You should use more forceful language, you'll get more money.'
Racism is taught in the home. We agree on that? Well, it's very hard to teach racism to a teenager who's listening to rap music and who idolizes, say, Snoop Dogg. It's hard to say, 'That guy is less than you.' The kid is like, 'I like that guy, he's cool. How is he less than me?
Aristotle was famous for knowing everything. He taught that the brain exists merely to cool the blood and is not involved in the process of thinking. This is true only of certain persons.
It's cool when fans spend so much time making things for me. It means a lot.
Placebo is music for outsiders, by outsiders and our gigs are like conventions of outcasts, which is cool.
I really liked the snake that breaks out of the cage in the beginning of the movie. I saw it in real life, and it was really cool. Really big and fat. The owls are cool as well, but you can't really pet them.
Draco's not really a bully. He's not exactly the biggest, strongest guy in the world. He's more a rich, snobby person. He thinks of himself as really cool.
Aristotle taught that the brain exists merely to cool the blood and is not involved in the process of thinking. This is true only of certain persons.
I don't go to the cool, trendy restaurants. I go to either the holes in the wall or the super-fancy restaurants where there are no cool people.
I think people appreciate a songwriter who shows different sides. The whole angst thing is cool, but if that's all you've got, it's just boring. Everything I write, whether it's happy or sad, has a sense of humor to it.
I have a cycle that is not particularly cool, but it's a cycle: trash myself to reward myself.
That's one of the cool things about fame. You have an affect on society and where it goes.
I just hope that theaters remain. I think there's something very wonderful about getting into a dark room with a bunch of people. There's something cool about that. Brings us all together in one room where we can experience all those emotions.
I remember being on film sets when I was younger, and only men got to do the cool action movies. So I thought, 'Maybe I'll get to produce one day and get to do cool stuff too,' which is what happened when we did 'Charlie's Angels.' Starting my production company was a big turning point for me.
Competition is great. And as long as it's friendly and not a malicious thing, then I think it's cool.
Someone who doesn't take herself too seriously and can be a goofball. Because everyone's a nerd inside, I don't care how cool you are.
I grew up not really having anything, so the idea that I can take care of my family and my friends now is a really cool bonus.
Sure, climbing Mount Everest would be cool, but that's something I would now like to do as a family. Big experiences like that I don't want to have on my own anymore. I want to share them.
When I was younger, I had a perm, and it was really big. My mom was a hairdresser, so even my dad had a perm! I looked like a poodle, but it was cool at the time.
I once sang 'Summer Nights,' from 'Grease,' at a bar in Melbourne with John Travolta, who's a good friend of mine. He looked cool singing the part of Danny - sitting in an armchair, smoking a cigar - while I got stuck playing Sandy.
They're very, uh, you know, I don't come from the suburbs and a jolly, Disney type of lifestyle. I come from something totally different. And they're cool and bare minimum so it's not always a money issue for me.
I've been in fights, but that doesn't make me cool or like a tough guy or more interesting actor, I'm not proud of it.
What's cool is when you're able to give your audience imagination and you don't have to cage them in like animals.
I'm a video game fan, and I always thought it would be cool to be able to control a character.
It's cool now to play golf.
The Internet is for haters. Everyone wants to knock somebody down, but it's cool.
I know that people think I'm sexy and I am looked at as that. It is cool with me. It's wonderful to have sexy appeal. If you embrace it, it can be a very beautiful thing.
The nerds are the ones that make the films and do loads of other really cool stuff in their life.
I met Elijah Wood once, I met Peter Jackson, I met Orlando Bloom, and they're all really cool.
I've never been one of the cool people at school, but then again, I don't get the people who are cool. It's not that I don't like them, it's just that they don't interest me.
I didn't watch much TV as a kid and I don' t watch it now. I don' t find anything beautiful or unique to the medium, and the only thing you can do on TV that you can't do in film is make a continuing story - which is so cool!
My problem was that I was blond. There were no heroes with blond hair. Robert Taylor and Henry Fonda, they all had dark hair. The only one I found was Van Johnson, who wasn't too cool. He was a nice, homely American boy. So I created my own image. It worked.
Keep cool my babies.
There are people out there who are older who are cool. I want that.
I was trying to be this person who is cool, eternally rocking.
I think it's so cool to be tall. Even when I'm not wearing heels people tell me I'm tall and I always take it as a complement. The good thing is I can always see everybody in the room.
Remember the first time you went to a show and saw your favorite band. You wore their shirt, and sang every word. You didn't know anything about scene politics, haircuts, or what was cool. All you knew was that this music made you feel different from anyone you shared a locker with. Someone finally understood you. This is what music is about.
I think sometimes I guess you see records, say you want to get there and use that as motivation. In a way, it's kind of cool if there is a possibility to rewrite history and be up there with the greats of Olympic history.
At first I was queasy I'll never forget the sound of the scalpel cutting a body open. But it was so cool trying to work out how these people died.
Parenthood and family come first for me, and when I'm not working I'm cool with the Teletubbies.
I'm going to let people know that it's cool to have a child and be young and still be a good mom. It's really tough, but I'm doing it.
Playing well with others is important - not being too flashy, just keeping good time and of course coming up with cool beats. A good snare drum, kick drum, high hat. Just getting good at the hand feet coordination.
I'm not saying I look cool, but every single time I go onstage, it is a fail if I don't feel like I'm going to pass out at least twice.
It's really cool to see glowsticks at the show, to see dance music culture infiltrating and becoming one with the metal community.
My friends are people who like building cool stuff. We always have this joke about people who want to just start companies without making something valuable. There's a lot of that in Silicon Valley.
When I come home and I'm tired from filming all day, I expect her to be there and make sure everything is cool for me. You know, like drawing my bath and helping me into bed.
It's cool to go places where working people are happy.
I really, specifically, love acting, and I think it's a really cool thing to be really indulgent and follow that. I have a lot of ambitions in life, but for the next few years, I just want to be an actor. That's a lucky opportunity, and that drives me to want to be good at that.
That is who Barack Obama is - a person of admirable character - and that is who he has remained for me over these last four years. I have not agreed with his every decision, but never once have I seen him break his cool, lose his composure, or abandon his insightful perspective - even during the most serious and/or absurd national disasters.
As a young boy, I was taught in high school that hacking was cool.
It's been really fun to see with each album when I change to see the fans of the show emulate my style and with the first record a lot of the kids in the crowd were wearing neck ties like I was and now you'll see a lot of girls with pink hair. It's cool, it's actually really neat.
I kinda see everyone as competition. I'm a very competitive person. But I think that's good. Competition is great. And as long as it's friendly and not a malicious thing, then I think it's cool.
The funny thing is, the girls that I'm always up against for roles are pretty nice and cool, like Emma Watson. She's awesome.
I put on the Hank Williams and the Patsy Cline and the Rosemary Clooney on vinyl - I'm not trying to be some cool indie-rock person, I just love the way it sounds - and throw on a T-shirt and jeans. In Texas, we practically come out of the womb in jeans.
If you want to go to the mall, you have to take security. But it's always cool. The kids are amazing.
A friend of mine has a big farm in the desert, and she picks up feathers and roadkill for me, then makes it into clothes. I think it's cool to wear roadkill. If I died and somebody wanted to wear my teeth around their neck to VMAs, I'd feel honored.
I have, I admit, a low tolerance for detached chronicling and cool analysis.
Every night I fell asleep to a different Beatles album. So I'm very familiar with the Beatles Ringo was my favorite Beatle until I grew up and then changed. I made the switch over to George Harrison just in time to regain my cool.
I want Maggie Gyllenhaal. I don't know why. I don't think she necessarily looks like me or acts like me, I just think she's a cool actress and she could play me, so there you go.
Oh, my God, this amazing cool breeze is coming through my window and the sun is shining. I'm happy.
The cool kindliness of sheets, that soon smooth away trouble and the rough male kiss of blankets.
I'm not a movie star. People know me, but they don't necessarily know what they know me for. I get recognised, but it's not like Justin Bieber. It's a nice thing, people are cool.
I really, specifically, love acting, and I think it's a really cool thing to be really indulgent and follow that. I have a lot of ambitions in life, but for the next few years, I just want to be an actor.
It's interesting to feel the pressure of having to be outgoing, because I think in general, as a human being, I'm pessimistic and introverted. But, it's cool, because it's a whole different side of me, and I impress myself. Even at times when I think that there's no possible way that I can be engaging, I'll suddenly pull it out and impress myself.
Part of Obama's persona is self-reliance. He's calm he's cool he's self-possessed. In many ways, he has tried to define himself in opposition to Clinton's sometimes needy, often undisciplined, emotionalism.
Obama has made America cool again - and more than that, he's made his own brand arguably the most powerful the world has ever known.
Conforming is not cool.
When I was kid, I remember playing 'Vogue' by Madonna over and over and over again. And ah, you know, something about the beat was really cool, and Madonna, visually, was on TV all the time and I thought she was just so beautiful.
You have to watch all sides of your advancement, you have to make sure people's bodies and minds are healthy and their morale is cool before you can really go out and play great music.
It's not cool to be an alcoholic.
Manners are love in a cool climate.
Maybe that first, gigantic deficit the Reaganites piled up was an accident, just a combination of deluded 'supply side' tax cuts and a huge bag of good stuff for the Pentagon. But pretty quickly conservatives discovered that deficits, when done correctly, did something really cool: deficits defunded the Left.
If you do a trick and it doesn't work out, that can stick with you. I like to go back, nail the trick, and, 'OK, I'm cool, it's all good.'
What drives me now is the fact that I feel like I still have so many tricks that I want to learn and so many things that I can still do. And so many cool things outside of sports that I have been doing.
I mean, I get letters in the mail because I had a heart defect when I was one, I had surgeries and stuff. And so you get these letters in the mail that just, they are crazy, they are just like, yes, well our son is dealing with the same thing and we saw you on TV and I mean it is such a cool thing to inspire and kind of give hope.
An orange on the table, your dress on the rug, and you in my bed, sweet present of the present, cool of night, warmth of my life.
My parents are the coolest of the cool on every single level, and it's because they have a deep appreciation for every moment of their lives.
In early high school years, I was pretty chubby, and I spent a lot of time on my computer, before it was cool to have a computer - because there was a time that was true. So that's where I developed my personality.
I'm friends with a lot of my exes, but it took time. We didn't just get into it. I don't think you can be friends until you're cool with them dating someone else. That's when you know.
A lot of pop people out there are cool, but they overdo it.
The pop world is cool, but I never really thought of myself as part of it or wanting to be a part of it because I'm on a label that's not really like that. They're not trying to dress me up, they're not trying to do things like that. I feel like I'm sort of separate from that, actually.
I could do without 'cool' publications calling me 'mom jazz.' But I laughed all the way to the bank, baby.
When I entered high school I was an A-student, but not for long. I wanted the fancy clothes. I wanted to hang out with the guys. I went from being an A-student to a B-student to a C-student, but I didn't care. I was getting the high fives and the low fives and the pats on the back. I was cool.
I'm a sappy mom now. I didn't think I would be. I thought I'd be a cool mom who keeps everything in perspective.
My uncle's a lawyer and I remember going to see him in court and thinking, 'That's cool, too bad I could never be a lawyer.'
I remember once acting really cool on a bus with this girl named Stephanie. When I got home, I realized that I had a really big zit on my forehead. If you have acne problems, you really shouldn't be acting like Don Juan.
I used to be a cool chick but I'm not anymore.
In the Lamborghini I have to avoid certain roads because of pot holes, and there's nowhere to put my drink, no cup holder. And I'm not going to lie, it looks pretentious. I used to think it was cool to, like, drive it to dinner. Now? Like I really need to be looked at any more.
Long intros are cool because there's a little bit of anticipation, you know?
As a kid, I did want to be an old-timer, since they were the ones with the big stories and the cool clothes. I wanted to go there. Now, I guess I want to bring that with me and go back in time.
My parents used to throw great New Year's Eve parties. They invited such an eclectic mix of showbiz people. All those cool people were always hanging out at our apartment.
And we have a little herb garden, which survived the winter thanks to global warming. It makes me feel like a cool, old Italian housewife, that I kept my rosemary alive outside all winter.
It was a very cool thing to be a smart girl, as opposed to some other, different kind. And I think that made a great deal of difference to me growing up and in my life afterward.
Cynicism is kind of like folding your arms and stepping back and commenting on things, like the old guys in 'The Muppets,' just throwing out comments all the time, whereas there are other people on the ground really trying to affect things and improve their lives and the lives of other people. I think it's noble and I think it's cool.
I haven't left the house without a packet of Kleenex in my back pocket for as long as I can remember. Whenever I start thinking I'm incredibly cool, the packet of Kleenex in my back pocket brings me right back down to earth.
And of course I've got kids of my own now, and they love me being in the Harry Potter films. I'm now part of a phenomenon. You become incredibly cool to your kids, and you get a young fan base. So you became the cool dad at school. You're suddenly hip.
There aren't many poster children for cool angst. Everybody thinks it's cool if you're the bad girl.
For the last few years, it's been so chic for everybody to be miserable. Like if you're in with the cool crowd, you can't be happy.
Now I'm way into suits that I can put on whether I took a shower or not, and wear barefoot and paint my toes black or whatever color the suit is. It's very cool to wear suits like that. Roll up the sleeves and just say yee-haw.
How serious can a movie about time-traveling robots be? You want it to be cool and fun.
I did find some time to go to a record store and check out 'Headstrong' actually in the racks. It was pretty cool I never thought I'd see my own CD sitting there with everyone else's. I made my Mom take lots of pics!
I haven't took no punishment. There's nothing cool about taking punishment.
Australia is so cool that it's hard to even know where to start describing it. The beaches are beautiful so is the weather. Not too crowded. Great food, great music, really nice people. It must be a lot like Los Angeles was many years ago.
It's cool to be healthy.
I don't wanna abandon my identity as LL Cool J, but at the same time, I had to figure out how to let people know that I'm really serious about making these movies.
What is more important than the name is that people know that I really like acting, I enjoy it and I want people to know that I am serious. The name thing: I will always be L.L. Cool J.
I'm taking a lot of my favorite artists, different people, my favorite music and marrying that with what I do as a comic. It's very collaborative, arty, fun and cool.
The problem to me is violence. It's not cool to kill somebody or hurt people.
When you're a kid, you see your parents reading the newspaper and you're like, 'God, why are they reading the newspaper?' When you're young, you're not reading the newspaper. But there comes a time in your life when the newspaper's cool.
Come Christmas Eve, we usually go to my mom and dad's. Everybody brings one gift and then we play that game when we all steal it from each other. Some are really cool, others are useful and some are a bit out there.
Tweeting is like sending out cool telegrams to your friends once a week.
These days it's cool to be ethnic and to be different, but when I was a kid, it was not cool - at all. My friends would come over and my mom would make crepes with eggs, stuffed with mozzarella cheese, tomatoes and spinach. And they'd be like, 'What is this?'
I think a lot of young kids at school are very conscious of trying to keep credibility in case they kind of stand out in a crowd and get bullied by trying to stay cool and stuff. And my whole thing, all the way through school, was I was just a goof... I didn't care.
Orlando's a really cool guy. They hired him for 'Lord of the Rings' out of drama school. He's very new at this still and doesn't have a lot of experience. So we were in this together and we've tried to help each other out. We felt very equal which was good.
I have a kind of boring personal life, to the paparazzi anyway, and I don't hang with the cool crowd.
Justin Timberlake is everything, and what more could you want in a person? He's funny. He's cute. He's great. He just understands. I get him and he gets me, and that's cool.
Survival, in the cool economics of biology, means simply the persistence of one's own genes in the generations to follow.
I've always been scared of advertising folk. I've met them at parties and I've been to their offices and I've always found them intimidatingly cool. At one company I visited, they held their meetings in a caravan that had somehow been installed in the place, a rather more exotic place to gather than the typical BBC glass box.
I was trying to break out of the suburbs, and when I did break out, I don't think I took my whole self with me - I think I played a role of being too cool and hip.
Elves are cool, man.
I wondered how they would top the Pirates and skeletons and moonlight, because that's a pretty cool concept.
I'm trying to mix the cool, independent stuff with the big stuff, but it's been difficult finding the right roles. It's been an interesting ride as far as my career pendulum is concerned.
The truth is - I found myself doing these huge action-adventure movies, and um, and which are cool man. And I really love doing them. And thankfully I haven't had too much dialogue, because if I had I would have really made a mess of it. You know what I mean?
It's hard to encapsulate my inspiration because there are so many different looks, but I think it's just like, sexy girl you see walking down the street in a cool outfit. A lot of eyelet, a lot of leather, playing with the hard and the soft, the good and bad inside of us all.
Danger is cool.
I'm finding, as I get older, that I'm not much of a believer in redemption. I mean, I believe in redemption in real life - redemption does happen, and it's cool when it does - but I find myself getting leery of my desire for it in stories (especially my own).
The cool parts - the parts that have won Dubai its reputation as 'the Vegas of the Middle East' or 'the Venice of the Middle East' or 'the Disney World of the Middle East, if Disney World were the size of San Francisco and out in a desert' - have been built in the last ten years.
It's cool to be a part of recovery. This is just who I am, this is what I write about, what I do, and most of my work has been a reflection of what I've been going through in one way or another.
I read the script for Wonder Boys, and I said that was almost perfect, it was so classy, cool and funny. It's a really specific thing. We stuck to it, it turned out good and a lot of people liked it.
I would like to do a musical, if I could find a cool one. A song-and-dance role is closer to me personally than other characters I play.
I used to love to draw. I didn't want to go to art class because I felt that would be too corny when I was young, but architectural drafting was the cool thing to do because there was more precision. It taught me a lot about building and structures and doorways and frames and windowsills.
In the summer I wear shorts with a bright top and ankle boots or just sandals. I'll add a nice scarf, maybe a hat, some cool sunglasses. It's all about the accessories.
Look at Scottish guys wearing kilts - you could look at them and laugh, but the way they carry themselves, how can you? You can wear some of the weirdest things and be cool. If you believe in it, that's what makes it cool.
If I wasn't even famous or had any success, I would still wake up and put tons of make-up on, and put on a cool outfit. That's always been who I've been my whole life, so that's never gonna change. I love fashion. I love getting dressed up. I love Halloween, too.
Hip-hop is still cool at a party. But to me, hip-hop has never been strictly a party it is also there to elevate consciousness.
But when you're a working actor - and that's what you keep saying in your head, how blessed you are to have a job - and you are working with heavyweights, working with the best guys in TV, it's pretty cool. Exhausting, but cool.
I'd love to date somebody cool, fun, funny.
The second I met Zac, I thought he was a really cool guy. It's hard not to have chemistry with someone who is so attractive.
You can be cool and at the same time respect your woman, who will hopefully become your wife, who will hopefully become the mother of your kids. America needs to get back to family values.
I think I'm drawn to more villain-type characters, because it's so cool to get to say all the things you want to say. In Hollywood, you get to this position where you have to bite your tongue so much. You take all your experiences of not being able to say what you really want to say, and channel that through your character.
Being cool, having a 'cool' energy is just not attractive to me.
No matter how good you are, at some point your kids are gonna have to create their own independence and think that Mom and Dad aren't cool, just to establish themselves. That's what adolescence is about. They're gonna go through that no matter what.
The ballplayer who loses his head, who can't keep his cool, is worse than no ballplayer at all.
I know what it feels like to have the door slammed firmly in my face, so I'm cool with that.
I am surprised by how not-adopted the video reply has been. What keeps other people from doing it, I think, is that they think a video comes across as 'I'm cool, look at how many e-mails I get.' That perception doesn't scare me, because I know who I am.
People are more comfortable learning about wine because now they can just Google, you know, 'Soave,' and say, 'Oh, O.K., cool.'
In my teens, I was never part of the cool crowd.
For most of my life, I've thought of myself as pretty cool.
When Brian told me he grew up in New Mexico, I told him I thought it is cool that people from other countries play football. He corrected me on my geography and agreed to sit down with me anyway.
Personally, I was never the cool kid. I was always sort of a bookworm. I would just like to be more like Troy, because he's so cool.
Personally, I was never the cool kid. I was always sort of a bookworm.
Spider-Man's probably my favorite. You see, Batman is a billionaire and there's nothing really cool about a billionaire saving the world. But Spider-Man is Peter Parker, a conflicted character who puts on a suit and saves the world. I love that.
Yeah, I get to fight in 'Eclipse.' My trainer is teaching me MMA right now. So. Cool.
My parents are pretty cool people.
The term 'geek' for me is like you having a passion, interest in something that is unabashed and you don't care if people think it's not cool. You think it's cool and that's your thing.
I am an unconventional beauty. I grew up in a high school where if you didn't have a nose job and money and if you weren't thin, you weren't cool, popular, beautiful. I was always told that I wasn't pretty enough to be on television.
But my main thing that I would love to see as a fan of 'Glee,' like I said, is to really get into the character and who they are and what they do outside of school. I think that that's interesting. And then of course the themed stuff and the album episodes are all really cool too.
I was in choir in school. I kind of just did it. I already knew I wanted to sing. My music program in my school wasn't really great - people didn't really want to be part of the choir, they didn't want to do the plays and stuff like that. It definitely wasn't the cool thing to do.
I really felt like I finally made it. Having your first fake pregnancy rumor. It was really awesome. I feel like it's part of what happens in this business, but that's a real one. That's a cool one to get.
I want to be a cool mom.
I was never considered cool throughout my teens: a very important time to be accepted by someone, especially your peers. Yes, I had all the screaming women, but the guys hated my guts.
Maybe I am a little bit guilty of trying to convince myself that I am cool to this point - even today. But I am so much more healthy than I used to be in my twenties, because I was not accepted at all.
It's cool to play a vampire and be a part of this new, hot genre.
When you get to play a character that's in love, it's cool.
I've never believed in singing about Satan and thinking he's cool, because he's not.
Both conservatives and liberals watch 'Parks and Recreation,' and they each think the show is for them, which is really cool. 'SNL' was totally different. It was exciting because everyone was paying attention. Political humor works when people know what you're talking about.
There's a lot of gimmick infringement out there, but that's cool. It's a compliment. But it all started right when I first came into the Garden. I came down to 'Eye of the Tiger' and when I hit the ring with the Sheik, I just put my hand up to my ear by accident, and the crowd got louder. I was like 'Oh, that works.'
All of a sudden, Hulk Hogan has become retro. Hulk Hogan has become cool again. So to come out and to hear how loud the fans are. To hear how loyal the fans are, it's truly overwhelming. I just can't believe I've been reborn in the WWE.
My definition of cool is finding your own definition of cool and not necessarily taking your lead from what other people tell you or from what you might read from magazines or see on TV.
I got tired of the Ramones around the time I quit and I really got into rap. I thought it was the new punk rock. LL Cool J was my biggest idol.
Everything that's cool that happens, I look at my wife and I say, 'We need to enjoy this moment right here! This is really special!'
In my mind, as long as I did what was right for me, I was cool. But that's not the way it works. You have to think about other people and take their feelings into account.
There's been a lot of really cool stuff that's happened to me throughout my career, and I remember everything, but I don't think I savored every moment of it like I should have or like I do now.
Americans are cool if you show just a chink of vulnerability, they respond so much. They'll pat you on the arm and say, 'Hey kid, you're all right.' Brits will respond but they are much more cynical.
I'm blessed to have cool roles in these big movies.
I mean, there are some amazing storytelling being done on the small screen right now. That's what so cool about being in television right now. Studios, networks are starting to throw more resources, better writers, more production values... and to be part of that is awesome.
My whole thing is that I want to explore why you read books, what's the purpose of reading, and maybe that it's not that cool to hate something just because it's popular.
The thing that's cool about the recording booth is that it's so perfunctory, so cut-to-the-chase.
I really wanted to do something positive on the Internet. I wanted to try to get young people talking about, thinking about, life's big questions-make it cool and OK to wonder about the heart, the soul and free will and God and death and big topics like that, big human topics.
Vince Vaughn is a genuine person, awesome guy. He'll come to a lot of my shows. It's not that often that you can meet someone as cool as Vince.
It's cool to express myself, but I've had to learn that doing interviews isn't completely therapy - spilling everything about yourself isn't healthy all the time. But I've been through things that have made me a stronger person, and if I can help some people, I will.
I've noticed that once you leave London you do kind of become a bit more famous. People in London are a bit too cool for school. It's not so unusual to see someone from London in the street. But outside of London people are a bit more excited to see you and come out and support you.
That was excellent! I mean, it didn't do anything, but it looked really cool!
I always hated high-school shows and high-school movies, because they were always about the cool kids. It was always about dating and sex, and all the popular kids, and the good-looking kids. And the nerds were super-nerdy cartoons, with tape on their glasses. I never saw 'my people' portrayed accurately.
It's healthy to have older friends. You go, 'Look, I'm younger than them!' That's always the nice thing, if you can be the youngest one in the room at times. Like if you're always the oldest one in the room, you'll start to feel like the oldest person in the world. So get older friends, because they're cool. Get cool older friends.
Period costume films are fun to discover, but they're not relatable. It's more, 'Wow, that's cool - did it really look like that back then?' Whereas with a comedy, you're like, 'Yeah, that's me, that's my friends.' No matter what, I want people to relate.
Most of an award-show host's job is showing up and keeping a cool head and soldiering through it, whether it's the Oscars or the Hallmark Channel's 'Hero Dog Awards.'
I love Poseidon. His trident - his weapon - is really cool.
Even in high school, I had friends that I didn't know were gay until years later. I'd find out on Facebook or something and be like, 'Oh, that explains some things,' or 'Wow, no wonder they were so cool.'
I think you have to be cool to be a good flirt, and I don't think I'm very cool.
When I see my staff take a step back because I've lost my cool about something food-related, I say never apologise for your standards. If someone doesn't meet them, then you should explain that and that you want it changed. I want my staff to be like that, too.
I got a chance to have my dream come true, and I wanted to make sure I made the decision as to when I dropped my last album. If I don't feel like this album is an incredible piece of work, then I'm cool with the albums I've done. I don't have to put out another album.
I'm constantly pitching one episode where we see life through Castle's eyes. I think Castle's just a little off as far as his perception goes. A very, very clever man, but I want to see the world as Castle sees it - kind of a rose-colored glasses, all the women find him irresistible, all the guys find him super cool and do whatever he says.
I'm comfortable only when there's a mutual attraction. That's what anyone wants. If I find out she's not attracted to me, it brings down my level of attraction to her. If I'm interested and find out she's not, I tend to cool off.
I think my printing to this day looks like the printing right out of a comic book. Actually, I always wanted to be in a comic book. I watched cartoons when I was a kid, too, and both comics and cartoons lit fire in my imagination. This realm holds a lot of interest for me, a lot of passion for me. So to be comic-ized, yeah, that's cool.
That's the hardest thing about being a mom. You want to be cool, and you want them to like you all the time, but you can't always have that. You're gonna have times where you have to say no, and you won't be the most popular person in the house.
Traveling to Russia and Germany and being able to see the world at a young age was really cool for me, and I really liked that.
Music is music, ultimately. If it makes you feel good, cool.
Me and my dad are friends. We're cool. I'll never be disappointed again, because I don't expect anything anymore from him. I just let him exist, and that's how we get along.
I like cool jackets - a nice fall or winter coat. You can get a lot of use out of it, and you'll wear it frequently, so it can really set the tone of your uniform for the season.
Our career is a dream. I mean, we get to act, travel around the world, and meet cool people. What's not to love!
Edie Sedgwick had a cool style she pushed the envelope for the time.
The thing people don't understand is that touring or travelling or whatever you do in my position means you go to all these cool places all over the world, but you see everything from a car window. You don't get to see much of the city or meet people at all.
My legs are really long and that's cool apparently, but I'm totally klutzy. I mean, I'm like Bambi. I fall all over myself because I can't control my arms and my really long legs.
It's the same with visual arts, you have some really cool, wonderful striking images that make you think and then again you have wonderful striking images that just take you away from the existing world for a second. And I like the latter a bit more.
We aren't cool and never will be.
Playing and singing at the same time is pretty cool, but sometimes it's difficult to know when you can just really let go a bit because you've got to get back to bloody microphone and sing some stuff.
Jazz took too much discipline. You have to come in at the right place, which is different than me singing the blues, where I can sing, 'Oh, baby,' if there's a pause in the melody. With jazz, you better leave that space open, or put in something real cool.
It's always cool to meet people who can do things that you have no capacity to do.
I'd like to see a world free of strife, stress, pain, hunger, war - a cool place where everyone could live.
It's cool to play a sinister bad guy who also has a human side.
Sitting at the table during Color Purple and looking up and suddenly realizing I was acting in front of Steven Spielberg, was pretty cool. It was pretty good.
Growing up, politics never trickled down to the areas we come from. But people from Obama's camp, and Obama himself, reached out to me and asked for my help on the campaign. We've sat and had dinner, and we've spoken on the phone. He's a very sharp guy. Very charming. Very cool.
You make your first album, you make some money, and you feel like you still have to show face, like 'I still go to the projects.' I'm like, why? Your job is to inspire people from your neighborhood to get out. You grew up there. What makes you think it's so cool?
The cool part of being an entertainer is getting the opportunity to get your feet wet in all areas.
Someone once told me that something they really liked about me was that they thought that I was really down to earth and not high-maintenance. I think that was cool. It's important to stay grounded.
I think it's really cool how J. Lo's been able to balance an acting career and a music career. That's something I strive for.
I went to Catholic high school for half a year and religion wasn't the cool thing to talk about even at a catholic high school. It never came up.
But, on another level it's really sort of this really cool coming of age story, it reminds me of like The Breakfast Club or something like that, if I can be so bold to associate with The Breakfast Club.
Having been to Europe and working and traveling there, the restaurants my wife and I remember were always off the beaten trail restaurants. So I tried to seek a little 'off the beaten trail,' but cool area.
When people recognise me they just kind of go 'Hi how are you,' really kind of cool you know.
I love the song 'El Rey.' And for years, I never knew what the song was totally about. It was something new for me. I'd never sung a song in Spanish before. Then I got the translation and saw what a really cool song it was.
All this stuff is so mind-blowing to me that I get to do in my life. Throwing the first pitch out at the White Sox game on a random Wednesday? Like who am I? How did I get this life? I'm glad I'm not jaded, and little kids are the least jaded people in the entire world, so it's fun to be around people that still find wonder in how cool things are.
I was terribly shy when I was growing up, I really wasn't confident with other people and I think I was always afraid of up or not being this very cool, amazing person that I wanted to be.
I'm physically completely mal-coordinated. My best friend used to make me run for the bus just to give herself a quick, cheap laugh because I definitely don't have that sophisticated cool thing down.
I was not a good-lookin' girl. I was extremely skinny. I wasn't pretty. I wasn't cool.
It's cool to go to a place that has posters up and it's one night only. It feels more special.
In my hometown there is a pub named after me - The Frome Flyer on Jenson Avenue. How cool is that?!
I think it's really cool, but Jimmy Eat World and Gin Blossoms did it better than anyone. People don't realize just how awesome the Arizona history is, especially for alternative music. Growing up, that's all I ever wanted to be was those two bands.
I'm a fan of designers and clothes that look beautiful, but more importantly, make me feel beautiful and confident. It's why I've always loved Stella McCartney, and more recently, Prabal Gurung. Their pieces are cool, yet timeless, and the fits are effortlessly flattering.
In high school I was an outcast... I wasn't cool to hang out with. I ate my lunch in a bathroom stall because that was the one place I could go where I wouldn't been seen.
Most of the time you're too busy to think about it. But every now and then you say, 'I work at 'Saturday Night Live,' and that is so cool.
I wanted to escape Small Town U.S.A. To dismiss the boundaries, to explore. My life experience came from watching movies, TV, and reading books and magazines. When your culture comes from watching TV everyday, you're bombarded with images of things that seem cool, places that seem interesting, people who have jobs and careers and opportunities.
As an investor, what we're not looking for is 'oh this is a cool app,' it's 'is this something that can become a big business?' You need to find those that can become real businesses.
I'm a comic book artist. So I think to myself, what do I like to draw? I like to draw hot chicks, fast cars and cool guys in trench coats. So that's what I write about.
I thought Daredevil was kind of cool because he couldn't do anything. I mean, he's blind. It wasn't that he could fly. His major power was an impediment. So I was intrigued. When I took over he was kind of like Spider-Man-lite, but I was able to project a lot of my Catholic imagery onto it. And I'd always wanted to do a crime comic.
But acting is very much a profession that is you're hot one moment and not the next - and that is totally cool. I think that's what I find most fascinating and most exciting about it - is that it can be gone in a puff of smoke.
Man, I love the 'Lord of the Rings' movies. Some people would say I'm weird for liking those types of movies, but they are so cool.
Robert De Niro... It seemed like a pretty cool thing to do to put his name on my resume next.
I don't count on the boy who waits till October, when it's cool and fun, then decides he wants to play.
Apparently it's cool to watch The Daily Show.
That was cool and that sucked all at the same time.
If your album sells, that's cool, more people find out about you, more people get turned on to what we're really about-which is a live rock and roll band.
When I look at President Obama, I see a leader with a cool head, a caring heart and an open mind, a president who has demonstrated through his demeanor and through his deeds that he is uniquely qualified to heal our divisions, rebuild our nation and lead us to a brighter future together.
When the soul drifts uncertainly between life and the dream, between the mind's disorder and the return to cool reflection, it is in religious thought that we should seek consolation.
I represent the kids who come from nothing but who understand it all and love it all. That's what I represent - those are the cool kids, you know, the kids of tomorrow, because who would've known that I'd be who I am today? We are the kids of tomorrow.
We have newsreaders behaving like actors, lowering their voices if it's a sad story, as if we didn't know it's a sad story. There isn't a single cool newsreader.
I've had fans come and knock on my door. I'm usually polite, but I'm usually very direct and say, 'It's not cool that you come here uninvited.'
I was a 'Duck Hunt' and 'Mario' guy, and stuff like that. I was never technologically driven. I never had all the cool, new toys. I was the youngest child, I wasn't the only child, so I wasn't spoiled as a kid. And, we were on the farm, so we didn't have a lot. Also, with computers, I'm not very good with them. I just check my email.
What's weird is that I work with these directors and then I start channeling them. I kind of turn into them a bit - which is cool when you're working with Clint Eastwood.
I think that Obama is very cool. And I think he's clever, and I think he can be witty. But I don't think he's funny in either the way that Reagan was funny - or John McCain and Dick Cheney are both funny in that ruthless, kind of mean way.
We do this basically for ourselves. People appreciate it, which is cool, but I think they appreciate that we're doing it for ourselves. We're doing it our way, and how people like it is not up to us. We like it.
In Hollywood today, it's cool for guys to wear nail polish and earrings in their lips and tongues. I don't get it.
If only media people would stop reaching for the low-hanging fruit, which is cynicism and pessimism, and stopped trying so hard to be hip and cool and have a swagger.
I'm an actor. I try to play a character in a really cool story, the very best I can.
I wasn't one of the cool kids by any stretch. I just bumbled along really.
Well, it's a little harder in New York. It's not as forgiving to a film crew. You hold up a bunch of New Yorkers who can't cross the street, they're not going to take it well. Southern California? They'll wait. It's cool man. In New York, they're like, 'Are you kidding me? I gotta get to work.'
When I was younger, the pressure was just being cool. I never thought of myself as a cool guy. I always thought of myself as more of the goofy guy.
I could finally quit my job as a bartender and stop dreaming that I might be Superman and know that I was. Then I started thinking about how cool it was.
There aren't as many girl superheroes, but there are cool ones. Banshee, for instance.
I'd love to be an artist that's multifaceted. At the moment, I am not. But wouldn't that be cool if I was like, 'Yeah, let me pull out my guitar and play you a song.' I would adore that. I am so far not gifted in that way. But I am a very hard worker and a very determined person, so who knows?
I'm thought of as a cool, unemotional dancer, but inside I'm not.
My sister has three kids so I've spent a lot of time around children and I've always really liked them and wanted my own. It's cool because you think all babies are the same but they aren't at all. They all have such different personalities. It's crazy.
It's very cool to be able to say that my first real film was 'Footloose' and my second film I got to star alongside Tom Cruise and Catherine Zeta-Jones.
But live shows are cool. I just got back into the idea of enjoying it live.
Lonnie was ahead of his time, but at the same time he was right in there with Albert Collins's Cool Sounds.
I get recognised sometimes, and that's really cool. I've tried certain disguises, but that doesn't work.
For me the stunts are so cool, they're one of my favourite things when we're doing the film.
People recognize me, call me Ron, and ask me questions. It's really cool and weird as well.
I'd like to have the flying car, I think that'd be really cool.
I think Al Gore has done a great service in making global warming cool. He's basically taken it from a nerdy, almost ignored issue to making it what it is - namely, a problem.
For a long time the people at my shows were sort of the Pantera-tattoo trucker guys, really cool dudes, but I don't know what happened to them. That's the crowd that I like, the ones that don't get so offended just to be offended.
I don't watch reality TV. I'm cool.
The band feels loose in all the right ways, and it's just so cool looking out and seeing all of these people that I haven't seen in a while.
You know, you grow up with the image of John Travolta being super cool - 'Saturday Night Fever,' Brian De Palma, handsome young god... he, in reality, is a very silly man. And I mean that in a good way. He'll walk around the set talking in little weird voices, making people laugh.
What's cool about indie rock is that one band can do effectively the same thing as another band, and one band nails it, and the other one doesn't. I like that elusiveness.
With all of you men out there who think that having a thousand different ladies is pretty cool, I have learned in my life I've found out that having one woman a thousand different times is much more satisfying.
I want you to see that I'm looking. Look at me look at you. I'm cool with that.
I could never dream of being cool.
You actually don't want people thinking your product is cool, because then you're a fad.
I think being a wealthy member of the establishment is the antithesis of cool. Being a countercultural revolutionary is cool. So to the extent that you've made a billion dollars, you've probably become uncool.
You show up in Paris, and on the drive from the airport to the hotel you're like, 'This is so cool! I want to see something! I want to go to the Eiffel Tower!' And then you leave the next morning. You think, Oh, I didn't get to do anything. I tell people: I've been just about everywhere, but I've seen nothing.
Everybody thinks it's going to be so glamorous, so cool, you're on 'Glee,' you know, a hit show or whatever.
But being on location and shooting, whether its in Puerto Rico or Atlanta, it always reminds me of how really cool my job can be. Interacting with the fans is one of the best parts of it.
People connect with me just as a cool, around-the-way type of guy.
You don't have to be a certain thing to be cool. If you're white, you don't have to act black or whatever. Just be you and know who you are.
And in a world without heroes, as the movie trailer voice-over guy might say, the slightly awkward can be slightly cool.
To me, what I love about the draft is first, you see the young men who are realizing their dreams that they've worked so hard for. That's a pretty cool thing. You saw the emotion from some of these guys the other day. And then, the second thing is this total sense of hope and optimism. And, I think that's great for everybody.
I do, I kick major butt in 'Dredd.' I get to kill people. I break a guy's neck by roundhouse kicking him in the face. It was me, I did it. I learned how to roundhouse kick. I also do it with my hands cuffed behind my back so it's pretty cool I have to say. Yeah, leather body suit, blonde hair, the whole thing.
I shall go the way of the open sea, to the lands I knew before you came, and the cool ocean breezes shall blow from me the memory of your name.
I'm more into the Spawn toys. They're really cool. They're coming out with a Techno Spawn series and another series, The Dark Ages, which are really cool.
It's cool to be recognised by your peers.
The idea of recognising your strengths and using them in as versatile a way as you can is cool to me.
What I do doesn't sit well in the world of hipsterville. I don't have a cool card, but I also don't have thin skin.
Above all, film is a business... Independence is a really cool thing as you can be a bit more bold, and take a few more chances with what you do.
I used to lie between cool, clean sheets at night after I'd had a bath, after I had washed my hair and scrubbed my knuckles and finger-nails and teeth. Then I could lie quite still in the dark with my face to the window with the trees in it, and talk to God.
When I decided to launch my first knitwear line, it was because I saw a void in the basics category. The editors were always looking for cool, fashion-forward tees and sweaters. So that's where I started.
If people are taking pictures of me at Starbucks, it's not the end of the world. It's cool, it's fun, it's exciting.
And looking at today's music scene, I think it's cool that there are a lot of consumers and fans not limited by what radio and the record companies tell them to buy.
The cool thing about music is no one can take music away from you, writing wise.
I don't think, generally speaking, people become writers because they were the really good, really cool, attractive kid in class. I'll be honest. This is our revenge for people who were much better looking and more popular than us. I was a bit like that, I suppose.
If you can get a teen leader in each sector of a student population, you can pull people in. Everybody wants to get involved, but most are too afraid. When they see a person they think is cool leading it, they're first to join.
I'm way better in person than I am on things like Twitter. I know Twitter is the best and fastest way to connect with fans who really appreciate you but I'm still not cool with it - although I am trying! I try my best but I'm a one-on-one person and I don't want to tell people I'm on the toilet or I just brushed my teeth.
In France, everyone speaks French 'cause they think it's cool. Gives 'em, gives 'em an excuse to smoke.
I'm not really cool, or dashing, or any of those things.
There's no point in swanning through and being cool as a breeze in every scene. It's not really that interesting. Even if you're a superhero.
I think the great sketch shows, like 'Python' and 'Mr. Show,' they didn't stick around for very long. There's something kind of cool about that.
Acting is sort of an extension of childhood. You get to play all of these roles and have so much fun. Playing an athlete would be so cool. Or where you get to shoot guns, ride horses. I wouldn't turn down any of that.
Being in America isn't old-hat - it's where we're from - but I get excited to be in other parts of the world like Athens and Croatia, which were quite cool. I'm a sightseer. I go see the sights and museums. I'm into that kind of thing.
My mother used to take me to flea markets in my stroller, and I would just rummage through the piles. You've got to dig through the overstuffed racks that everyone else just walks by. It's the only way to find the cool stuff.
I don't like reading things that people say on the Internet because I know so much of it is not true. I don't want to waste my time worrying about what other people are thinking. I just want to focus on being able to do cool projects.
Belly buttons are cool!
In my books the technology that I choose to talk about has to serve the themes. What that means is that I end up having to cut out a lot of cool technology that would be really fun to describe and play with, but which would just confuse everybody. So in 'Amped,' I focus on neural implants.
With 'The Host,' I think the actors could be really big names. That would be cool. I'd love to see Robert Redford put on a beard and be Jeb he would be amazing... Matt Damon has some very Jared-esque qualities, and then Casey Affleck as Ian and Ben Affleck as Kyle. Imagine the interplay.
When certain bootleg companies started off and they would take maybe ten per cent of whatever they got and help fuel new bands, which I'm cool with, I think that's a good idea. Most of the record companies are not doing that.
Adele's amazing, I think the world of her and her music and I think Tinie Tempah is cool. To work with someone like Kanye West would be awesome.
It's just cool for a girl to be able to do her own thing. I do a lot of movies, and I'm very lucky, and I'm not complaining. But in movies, alongside big action men, we've always got to take a step back and let the men shine.
He's as cool as a prized marrow!
But this is Miami, you can't come to Miami and not show any skin. You gotta show something. If you're all covered up in this heat, you're gonna make me pass out out just to look at you. It's sweaty in Miami-but the diamonds will keep me cool.
The private interest of the individual would not be sufficiently provided for by reasonable and cool self-love alone therefore the appetites and passions are placed within as a guard and further security, without which it would not be taken due care of.
Being in love is not cool!
My style icons would be people like Brigitte Bardot and old Hollywood actresses who always look so stunning, cool and chic. I like classic and timeless looks.
I like doing theaters. I like being up close and personal with the fans. It's really cool.
Simon is cool. You know, it's different if you ever see him around his mom. He acts totally different.
All I know is that I've ruled out wearing fairy wings. When I was nine I wanted to get married in fairy wings, and now I realize that's not cool anymore.
Honestly, I'm cool with everyone, and people pick up on that. I'd say, 'I'm not gay, but it's all good.' It's kind of like going to Paris when you don't know the language some Americans get into trouble over there, but I'm just like, 'Sorry, I don't speak French.'
Sometimes guys are so concerned with being cool and hanging out with their friends. They don't want to seem like the guy that 'has to call his girlfriend.' It's just boys growing up.
We, some cast members and I, even went on a weekend trip together and spent the weekend at an inn, because we enjoy each other's company so much, and it was so cool.
If you meet a girl, you meet a girl. It's normal, so if you exchange numbers, whatevs, it's cool.
When I think of the definition of cool and when I look at people, John Travolta is really the definition of cool because, not only is he great in all his movies, but, as a person, he's just really cool.
I always thought it would be really cool to be playing the drums in the show and then have your astral body or whatever travel all through the audience and dig whatever it's like out there.
Am I really cool? You're telling me I'm cool? Well, that's good to hear.
Ron Howard is as good a person as you could want to work with on film. He never lost his cool. He's the most easygoing, lovely man, but he's got this enormous intelligence and a wonderful humanity.
If the choice is between doing something supercool and having no one hear it and doing something equally cool and tricking people into putting it on the radio, I don't think the second option is some big sellout.
My music was never considered cool, but I've always felt that connection with the audience.
I would never do a commercial for something that is embarrassing, and I think that people maybe have a different perspective on what is embarrassing or not. Some people think doing a Revlon hair commercial is really cool. To me, that's embarrassing, but World of Warcraft - not embarrassing, very cool.
So you got the cool New Yorkers, and then there are the less-than-cool New Yorkers.
I mean the cool thing about the movies is that you get to try on these different personalities and different styles.
I knew exactly what I wanted to do. I wanted to build some kind of lifestyle brand that was preppy and cool.
We had incense and rock'n'roll posters, and we sold records and rolling papers. People could just, like, hang out. We had a cool vibe going.
I influenced the BG style by not being able to draw perspective. The BG artists developed cool graphic painting styles to make my bad backgrounds look like they were that way on purpose.
I try to be the best husband I can be, and if people respect that, that's cool. But there's no 'perfect husband.' We just all try to do the best we can, you know what I mean?
One interviewer asked me: 'How do you feel that you've betrayed your father?' That wasn't really very cool.
It's really hard for actors to cross over and get any respect as a singer, and if I could just keep it separate and not use my music in movies, it's cool.
There's kind of a cool feel that happens every now and then. I guess that feel is the thing that makes the score its own score. But, I don't know exactly what that is. So, it's hard for me to answer that question.
I have visualizations where I'm living in a really cool place - probably outside of town - with a really dope studio where I can record music or film things. Just have my own mini production house. That's really the thing I'd love to end up with the most and only do gigs when I needed to and also amass a little bit of a crew around me.
Sometimes airport security people recognize me. I'll go through the whole screening process and at the end they'll go, 'Hey, man, I really like your work.' That's so cool.
My parents were vegetarians. I'd show up at school, this giant black kid, with none of the cool clothes and a tofu sandwich and celery sticks.
I didn't come to Hollywood to drink or get high, and I don't want to be considered a cool actor - I want to be a great actor.
You have to be the best of whatever you are, but successful, cool actresses come in all shapes and sizes.
In my school, people liked the gym teachers because they were the football or soccer coaches. But look, if they're cool, they get respect.
When people meet me, many times they're very surprised because they expect someone who is kind of wacky with seven piercings and very hip and cool and New York City, and I'm not.
I just want to do cool stuff.
For years I have been going to the South of France to cool out.
It's cool to have instruments lying around because they give you different ideas.
I do think sometimes there's danger in guest appearance mania. I've seen too many examples that sound cool on paper, like 'Oh, get that guy to sing the hook on that guy's song,' and then that's all it is. It's a cool idea that sounds good on paper.
It's pretty cool that people will pay for something even though they don't have to. It's totally different now to back in the day. Now you're paying for a record because you believe in the band. In the future that will be the only time people will pay for albums, because there's some kind of connection.
I didn't want to come up with some generic Johnny Bravo type name. I'm not that cool, so I might as well stick with my birth name.
We want to do for 'Hamlet' what Baz Luhrmann did for 'Romeo and Juliet' in terms of like a really cool kind of re-imagining.
I was labeled at a young age - Miss Unemotional, Miss Cool, and that would carry over to my press conferences.
Being on Oprah? You realize that there are a couple of types of audience members. There are like the cult people in the audience who are just crying before she gets on. And then there are the people who are playing it cool. I definitely was somewhere in the middle.
For me, everything is cool.
People always come up to me now and say, 'Watchmen' is the best superhero movie ever made.' I'm always saying 'That's super cool. That's nice of you to say.' But it happens now, more and more and more than it did when it first came out.
Now, guitar was pretty cool. Everybody knew something on the guitar. So I wanted to play guitar, but I told my dad if he wanted me to keep studying something, I'd like to study piano.
The downright fanatic is nearer to the heart of things than the cool and slippery disputant.
I'm just a cool type of guy who's all about positives.
I was the only Christian on the cast, but that was cool because we all respected each others talent and mostly they respected me a lot even though I was the only Christian.
I love David Caruso. I know it's not cool, but I do. I watch CSI: Miami. I think he's interesting.
The promos with all of the beautiful women probably attracted some men, but the mystery story line is pretty cool. It's got that dark edge, and people will watch anything funny.
I feel like people start to believe things that people say about them and start to think they're really important. If you have a family that is down to earth and cool, I don't see how you can be like that.
I have actor friends, but they're not famous. I feel like if you're an actor or - famous, you have to overly prove that you're a normal, cool person.
In some of the L.A. clubs, people can act too cool to get into your music. That can get to be a bit much.
I never felt cool growing up. I was a bit of an outsider, but I discovered theatre very early on, which got me through.
I get really cool gifts, and I know this sounds really lame, but I think one of the best gifts I've ever received was the Easy Bake Oven when I was younger. When I was little, I loved to bake! I want to get one now so I can make weird mini desserts for people.
I get letters from kids, teenagers and young girls who just want to be Mac. I've had quite a few people actually say that they're going to become a Marine or a JAG lawyer because of me... the character. I think that's pretty cool!
Most people are really cool and I really don't mind talking to them and answering their questions.
I won't go into detail but this animated one, the story line is very cool and the kids seem to love it.
I didn't really work with Vin on it except we talked about it a little bit. I think it was kind of cool because we didn't think it was going to be that emotional. I don't think Vin knew I was going to be that emotional.
I've worn my share of leopard pink boots to premieres or belts the size of cars. I thought my pink leopard boots were so cool.
I have no control over people's perceptions of me at all and that's one of the things I decided very early on is that I can't control the way other people think of me. All I can do, especially when it comes to my career is go out there and do cool unique kinds of things.
Now there is so much expertise and brainpower it's hard to be at the cutting edge of what's cool and not do something that's totally geeky.
Sometimes acting is really cool because it forces you to exercise certain muscles in your personality that you wouldn't normally be called upon in life.
For electronica music, David Linton has been doing this series called Unity Gain, which is pretty cool.
I don't think I really know just how cool Satan really was when I was in Junior High School. Now, thanks to Marilyn Manson, it's no longer a secret.
Arizona is really cool but I couldn't stay there for too long.
I thought that would be kind of cool, to make a bad guy look sympathetic.
In Fargo, they say, well, that's a job. How well do you get paid? For example, for this book I was written about in Entertainment Weekly, and it was kind of cool because my mom asked me if Entertainment Weekly was a magazine or a newspaper.
I'm not saying that people have to listen to rock music. It's a great, cool thing and it can really be liberating for a lot of people but, hey, so can Charles Dickens so I'm not going to judge.
They're a different generation, those kids kids that are under the age of twelve. They're not that impressed by rock music, you know what I mean? They're like, it's cool and everything, but whatever. They're just as impressed by YouTube.
The truth is, we have this idea that late night is about creativity and being cool, but that's not our job. Our job is to get as many people watching the commercials in between our show. That's the reality of it.
Violence is a very ugly thing. Violence is often so casual on film, and made to look so cool and so sexy, but violence is a repulsive, repugnant act that human beings inflict on each other. It shouldn't seem to be cool and sexy, ever really.
The great thing about it is, in Hollywood, certain people are very good at keeping their lives and who they are very private. I've never met anybody as down to earth and cool in Hollywood than Matt Damon.
Do you want to be an actor, or do you want to be a celebrity? I made that decision when I went to Juilliard. I wanted to be an actor. So, if I get the opportunity to be an actor and do some cool, fun and interesting projects, I'm going to do that.
In a daydream sort of way, I think it would be pretty cool to direct a movie. But I have been on movie and TV sets and know it is hard work. I like directing it in my mind. It is easier.
President Clinton is going to embrace President Obama, as he should. They are working together. They're different kinds of people. Obama is cool, Clinton is a schmoozer. Both are great speakers. It's a great merging of the party.
Athletes are very cool to me.
This wired generation is kind of cool.
That's the best way to feed the human mind. That's how Bob Marley did it. He never put it in your face. After you got the groove, you were just singing the hooks, because you thought it was cool.
Ten years ago, it was really difficult for a young actress to walk onto a set and disagree with the director and having that be OK and have a conversation about it and everyone be cool with it.
It was cool for a couple of weeks, but how much bad golf can you play?
Some of the hip-hop stuff people get into is exciting, because there's a passion and there's something to explain to a more mainstream audience, so you get these passionate writers who want to express their love for rap and hip-hop, which is cool.
A lot of those little things that I really like doing are just moments of cool articulation, just little moments of phrasing that probably go over everybody's head.
The worst thing I could be thinking is how could I be a cool bass player.
He's a guy's guy, so it pretty much became like the impressions - don't imitate Sean Connery's voice, and things like that. We were all kind of doing it towards the end of the film, anyway, and he was cool with it.
I found out some really cool ways to swing around the Winchester.
It was really cool going to Sea World. We had an amazing time. They were amazing to us. We got to swim with the dolphins, and it was really special.
I like being out front, doing what I do, but then I also like playing in a band too. I'd like to do stuff like I did with Deee-lite. I went out and played with them and they were the stars, that was cool.
If I'm driving to L.A. and have anxiety about making the drive, if I've got Peggy with me, we're cool.
I like to give dimension to shots inside action scenes. It's demanding because you have to rehearse a lot of things happening at the same time and frame all those things in a shot. But I feel like when you accomplish that then you've got a cool action scene.
Actually just recently I came up with that idea, watching the movie 'Legally Blonde' and I was like, 'Cool, that's something I want to do.'
Everybody hangs out with everybody, which is very strange for a cast this large and this young. We're all cool and down to earth and not caught up in this maniacal business at all... . Everybody really, really likes everybody else.
A Christian high school is just like any other high school in the sense of the politics and all of these levels of who's cool and what to wear.
I wanted to be an actress. I think it had a lot to do with being a kid and watching how every time my dad would stand up to talk people would applaud... that was pretty cool.
I think trying to be cool is the worst possible ambition - and I have never suffered from it.
It's pretty cool to see how far music can take you.
I was training more learning how to scuba dive which I'd never done which was really, really, really cool.
My purpose is to make a movie to make you warm. To give you some heat. Now, this rational world has become a place where only what is cool is good. Do you cut the movie on the basis of the beat of modernity or the basis of the beat of your own heart?
Punk's influence on music, movies, art, design and fashion is no longer in doubt. It is used as the measurement for what is cool.
I like that band Get Hustle. They're cool live. I haven't heard their records, though.
It was really really neat to make the movie because there were mentally challenged actors in the movie. So that was really really cool to work with them and they were always really happy, and they made everybody really happy on the set too.
Courtney Love is really cool and funny. I would like to meet Julia Roberts and Cameron Diaz. I think I could play their daughters.
We used to play the underground clubs like the UFO, and Middle Earth, and they were great because they would have on things like a poet, string quartets, and then a rock band! It was kinda cool!
They have decided to tour under the name of Ten Years After which I don't think is very cool. To be honest, they have had to do that as it's the only way they can get any work.
I've been such an oddball my whole life, but I've always been cool and I've always dressed fairly smartly.
I think I've been incredibly raw my whole career. A lot of people spend a lot of time trying to look cool and spend time being guarded and putting up walls. I just never had the time. It seems more honest to say, 'Hey, this is who I am.'
Orlando's a part of me. The next guy's a part of me. And the next guy's a part of me. That's all I'm trying to do, is tell cool stories that people can relate to.
The cool part about working for Disney is that they've allowed me to be a change agent.
Don't get me wrong, magic is cool. But a nervous mother singing to her child at night while something moves quietly through the dark outside her house? That's a story. Handled properly, it's more dramatic than any apocalypse or goblin army could ever be.
Look at Neil Diamond. Was he the cool guy? No, he was the housewives' guy. He didn't try to be what he wasn't. He just did what he did - made great music, was a good entertainer, nice-enough guy.
My friends that are snobs think its cool I did a movie with Albert Brooks.
On stage, we just want to generate hysteria. We don't care about looking cool or posing.
See, at a certain point it becomes cool to be boy crazy. That happens in sixth grade, and it gives you so much social status, particularly in an all-girls school, if you can go up and talk to boys.
I'm not hip, I'm not cool, I'm not glib.
Roy Schneider was cool. I learned quite a bit from him.
Tobey's a mellow, cool guy. He's just a good guy. I know that's not the answer you want, and I don't mean that as the political thing to say, but he's a nice guy.
You want hot days to get your fruit ripe but then you want it to cool off nicely at night so that the grapes stay on the vine longer and develop complexity.
Everyone in Hollywood wanted a role in this movie. Everyone wanted to have a part in it. I feel so lucky that I got one, but what I find so cool about 'Hunger Games' is that the real star is the story itself.
When I first started acting I was about nine years old. I had never been to audition in my life and my agent sent me out. It was just a commercial for 'Harry Potter.' That was the first thing I ever went out for and I got the 'Harry Potter' commercial which was really cool, but I didn't play Harry Potter.
If we really wanted to be cool, and everyone in the world had Pro Tools, we could just put it up on the internet and everyone could make their own record out of it.
In politics almost all of us are nerds, so that's just a given... but we're cool nerds.
They used to say it was bad for Indians to drink, but it's bad for anybody. When they drink they lose their cool, a lot of us. Like when we played with Sonny Boy, I would never get paid, you know. He would drink up all the money.
If I took over the 'Glamour' offices for a day, I would put Joe Pesci on the cover. I would say 'We've got to change all these magazines a little bit. We have to bring out a different version of what is, like, cool. You know, what's winning. Joe Pesci, Burt Reynolds.'
You know, what 'New Girl' is doing is they're bringing in really cool people. These are home-run people who aren't your typical guest-star-type people.
My first three years of high school, I wasn't that cool.
I never think of myself as any kind of sex symbol, but I get letters from all over, all sorts. It's really cool. I get a lot from inmates, which is kind of scary. But the best was the guy who wanted to send me a plane ticket to fly me to his prom.
There are some people who have stayed with us our whole career, which is pretty cool too.
I'm so critical of myself. I'm actually really, really proud of the film. It's really cool to see a movie at Sundance because everybody is so supportive.
My parents have always been cool. They even became surrogates to friends of mine who didn't have such supportive parents.
We got to do a few things with President Clinton. To be invited to Washington again to play with Ashanti and all those other cool people there in front of President Bush and the rest of the world feels awesome. I'm really looking forward to going.
The thing about stand-up was, I was doing all this sketch and YouTube stuff where I was not being censored and I got to do my own thing, and it was really cool.
Having your own character in a video game is pretty cool.
The military is a very cool world to write about. I went down to Ft. Benning, Ga., for military training, and I learned a lot about soldiers and officers and why they joined up and what their life has been like.
Unless something real cool comes along, I will probably be doing features, so long as I can make a living doing that. Otherwise, I will do another show.
I am a huge fashion fan. It's a really cool way to express yourself.
If it was just me and Elvis one on one, which only happened once or twice in the times that I did see him, it was a really comfortable. He was a cool guy. Easy laugh, nice guy.
I think you go through a period as a teenager of being quite cool and unaffected by things.
I definitely dislike pomposity and artifice. I hope that I'm not that. Once I write a song, it belongs to the world, and the way people perceive it, it's cool.
You don't want to be too cool. But you don't want to be too dorky. Still, I find it so much better to see a guy at a club being a dork, and having fun, than trying to be sexy.
Almost all the fans I meet are pretty cool people. They're intelligent and tend to think about things a bit more than your average rock'n'roll fans: sensible people I wouldn't mind having a drink with.
The name Crow was inspired by a number of things. I thought it would be cool to have a robot with sort of a Native American feel to it.
But if you think you aren't creative that's cool, too. I think being around people who aren't creative is kind of refreshing and nice.
It feels quite cool, in a mad way, to be someone who skulks about in the shadows.
I'd wear flip-flops and jeans. I guess that's not cool.
Meyer and I have a bit in common because we're both left-handed. I think it's great that he seeks out that advice because he's not too cool or too uncomfortable to ask for it.
Everyone focuses on the earthly state, but how cool might death be? I believe in spiritual rebirth, and I can't wait to experience that.
I love people, and I love to be with people and to make music with people, but my natural state is to revert back to being by myself in my house, which is cool because that's where I practice and write and listen and study.
I think I'm much too earnest to be as cool as 'Boyd Crowder'.
I love Prince Harry. Good looking and a bit of a rebel. Me and his dad are as thick as thieves and I knew Harry before I knew his dad so we've met a few times. I think he's amazing. And I think you can relate to him because he's made mistakes. He's cool.
My friend and I sang an a cappella rendition of Extreme's 'More Than Words' at one of our football pep rallies in a desperate attempt to look cool. For a while, I wore pink Converse All Stars because I thought it made me seem daring and irreverent.
I try to explain to people that you get the roles that are right when they're right. If you have a nerd character but you're kind of a cool guy, you're probably not going to get the nerd part. The nerd is going to get the nerd part. You know, someone like me.
I'm a massive fan of Drake, and we walked right past him. He's too cool to be clapping One Direction though.
I saw a drummer play once when I was a kid and I thought, that's really cool. You know, you're moving. You're using your arms and fingers. So I tried it and I loved it.
I think that was a moment of cool panic there.
I love seeing people having fun. Everyone over in L.A. is too cool for it. That's the problem.
I've always thought vampires were interesting because they live forever, they're always well-financed, they dress well, you know what I mean? And they're, like, cool. Usually vampire - you've never seen a broke vampire. Have you?
I'm not geeky but I have my geeky, corky moments, and then I've got some aspects of cool in me, I guess.
When you think back to your first kiss, your hair is perfect and she was wearing a cool outfit. We remember it with restraint and we remember it with style. We remember it as idealistically as you can think.
I always loved Kate Winslet, but after you meet her you really love her because she's a cool chick.
When you have kids, you just love them. It's similar to when you're in love with someone. You just think they are so cool and want to be around them all the time, but what if she starts being embarrassed and only giving me charity visits? I want her to actually want to see me, so that's what I'm going for!
I just got an iPhone, which is cool, but I don't download movies, I don't watch Hulu, I don't have Netflix. I don't do any of that. But I do geek out to music.
When things are really good, really easy it's not cool for me.
We looked at each other standing on the podium, and I think we all were tearing up. But we had to keep it cool. I think we did. Then we let out a breath.
Even as a kid, if I would come across something cool in the record store, that would be how I found out about bands. It's kind of the same way these days. In a way even less because there are no record stores to go to anymore.
I know a lot of people dread going to work every morning, but my work is playing pretend and doing stunts and screaming. It's a lot of fun and I get to play dress up. Every day is exciting and different and new and cool. I couldn't be more grateful.
Thirty years ago, we were in a movie theater and thought it was so cool because we were finally delivered from the horrors of stained glass and wooden pews.
Lots of people say to me, 'I completely hate Busted'. That's completely cool with me. I understand why.
I hear good things about Xbox Live from some of my younger teammates. I think it would be fun to be able to challenge fans all over the world. It would be cool to be able to play some of my friends back home in the States. I'm looking forward to trying it.
I actually bought a travel guitar, and that guitar is really cool. You can actually fold the guitar, and you can plug headphones into it, but it's acoustic, or semi-acoustic.
I'm not going chic, I swear. The geek endures. But, I mean, a snazzy cool suit looks good.
I'm not that into reading. If I'm gonna read, I'm gonna read some cool sci-fi book or something, not some stupid self-help book.
I think working with Johnny Depp was very intimidating. It was my fault though. I mean he's a total cool nice, nice guy, but I was just so, I don't know, overpowered by his presence. Like he's a very mystic person. He's older so I never really warmed up around him. I was so stiff.
I would think flying would be pretty cool. You would be able to fly away from all your enemies and get where you're going much faster. But being invisible? You probably wouldn't use that for the good of man.
We should be recklessly abandoned to Jesus, and just turn it over to Him. Through the support I think the sacrifices will be made and we'll all be cool with it.
If you work in casting, it's sort of not cool to want to act. A lot of people think that casting directors are frustrated actors, but it wasn't true with any of the casting people I knew.
I didn't audition for the part! The role was offered to me, and I was so excited to be a part of 'The Haunting Hour.' It is such a cool show and it was so much fun shooting the 'Intruders.'
For 'The Haunting Hour,' I thought it would be a lot of fun. It was great to play this cool kid role. My episode is called 'The Intruders' and my character is this mean, angry teenager because her younger brother was just born and he gets all of the attention. She's always playing tricks on her family, and there are some cool twists.
Even though I never worked with her, it was still really cool to have Brooke Shields on set. She was so nice and so funny.
The quickest way to defuse fear or insecurity or anger is usually humor. I think comics figure that out quickly, and, once you figure it out, you think, 'Hey, if I can do this and get paid, that would be kind of cool.'
I like men who are very cool but who are also so brilliant that they are almost insane. Sean Penn, Gary Oldman, Bob Dylan, Tom Waits - men who would be flipping burgers if they hadn't found an outlet for their brilliant mind-sets.
My favorite type of music to sing and to listen to, you know, rock. It's not always metal, but you know, half the time it is. Metal's cool, you know? Not everybody on 'American Idol' listens to metal.
I like America. I think it's pretty cool.
I was a drama major also so it's cool to cuss for meaning, but for no apparent reason, no.
I already have legitimacy as a filmmaker and now I'm trying to do stuff that's just fun. Until I find a cool tangible subject again that I want to tackle.
I wanted to dress cool, and get all the ladies.
It's cool for me because I'm a director, but I'm also a teacher. I'm a lover of cinema, and I love working with people who are hungry and have the energy to really do better work.
People always used to say to me, 'Don't you want your own show? That'd be so cool if you had your own show.' I said, 'You know, it's not gonna happen. So - no.'
All literature consists of whatever the writer thinks is cool. The reader will like the book to the degree that he agrees with the writer about what's cool.
It's now possible to play and take lessons from any place of the world. The concept of physical distance doesn't exist in the online world, and that is so cool!
A female piano player is always pretty cool to me.
So, it's cool that, yes, Hal Jordan is a superhero, but my character is a real-world hero in her own life.
What we do every night is we change out the set list as much as we can to make sure that (fans can) go home and tell their friends they experienced something unique and cool.
To me, it all comes down to things being character-driven. It's hard for me to look beyond that. CG and all this cool stuff - so be it. But to me, it pretty much begins and ends with character-driven plots rather than technologically-driven plots.
The nude scenes were a little eerie and I felt a bit odd. Yeah, when the camera scanned up my body, I said to my friend, 'Now, that's a close-up.' I mean, you see every inch of my body. But I'm okay with it and so it was cool.
Almost any film that you do is an opportunity to open you up and make you more aware of an area that you might not be thinking about. That's what is kind of cool, or one of the cool things about this profession.
Rhyme patterns are nothing without meanings to the words. A lot of rappers can do those flows, but the raps aren't really about anything - which is cool sometimes, but to have the flow and the message is one of my favorite things.
When you go in and do a cool, small character, it feels less like work and more like fun.
It was really cool to work with Dakota Fanning. I've watched her grow up and I've always loved her films, loved her. It was amazing working with someone who was American as well, because obviously it's going to be a different energy straightaway. We got on really well she's so professional and hardworking.
My niece was very much caught up in the vampire craze for young adults, and she thought having a vampire boyfriend would be a cool thing. What do you do on a first date? The more I thought about it, the more fun I had imagining what you'd serve a vampire for dinner.
It's great that people are basically spending their two weeks of vacation to come out and be with us in some weird part of the world. And I think we owe it to them to take 'em to some cool places.
It's just cool to me that Bon Jovi knows my name!
Being an author of banned books is cool, I've decided.
What I find cool about being a banned author is this: I'm writing books that evoke a reaction, books that, if dropped in a lake, go down not with a whimper but a splash.
That's always a cool thing to be the voice of what the eyes are seeing. It gives you the role of the Greek chorus and that's always fun to do.
I just saw the movie for the first time in its entirely last night. It's really cool when you're in with an audience that's so tuned in and plugged in to what's going on.
As a father, you immediately become uncool, especially the older they get. The older you get, it's inevitable that, as cool as you think you are, you're probably just as lame in your kids' eyes.
You always have in the back of your mind that would be cool if you get recognized. But you can't concentrate on any of those things. You've got to just keep playing and doing your music and the rest is just a bonus.
My role in 'Legally Blonde' was really rewarding, because I had so much fun working on the movie. I've had really rewarding experiences on tiny low budget films that you'll never see but where I had a cool time creating characters as well. I love almost all of the characters I've played.
That wasn't the way that things was supposed to be. And all because the so-called culture that I thought was right, that I thought it was cool, and I thought it was fun, and it was exciting at the time. It all led to me laying in a prison bunk by myself with no one to talk to but myself.
I try not to name too many labels - not because it's not cool, but because it starts getting political.
I'm confident - confident in my skin, and I'm cool with my flaws and all that stuff.
Now that I finally have the time for it, this web surfing stuff turns out to be as interesting and fun and addictive as you've all been telling me. Zipping from link to link, chasing an idea across the noosphere, sucking up information like a killer whale - way cool.
I hate it when people come up to me on trains and ask 'Are you Soulja Boy?' If people want pictures or autographs, that's cool, but I don't like the dumb questions.
I love my mother Ali so much. I'm a momma's boy. I just have a very cool mom. It's not as though I had any say in the matter. I'm just really fortunate. She's the most kind, loving, giving woman.
Greg Berlanti, David Nutter, Andrew Kreisberg and Marc Guggenheim are the people I wanted to work with. They're smart, they're funny, they're cool, they're edgy.
I wouldn't compare myself to any past Idol contestant, because I don't feel like I am like any of them. Maybe stories are cool but my story is different from most people's story. I don't like to compare myself to other people, I like to just be me.
The Dead was cool, It's a great horror story. I went to the casting director of this movie and talked to him, then they called my agent and had me come in and read for it and they wanted to use me.
Cool things happen. Ace's guitar flies through space, goes through a hole, and blows up. I throw drumsticks and they come flying at you.
I have this idealistic and maybe naive thought that almost any song can be anything. If you record one song today, it would maybe be exciting and cool. But I could record the same song next week and it would be something completely different.
I work with really cool people, and so far I haven't been approached in any embarrassing manner when it comes to image.
There is a bit of a movement as far as younger people in country music. That is cool because people are saying things like, 'I didn't listen to country music until so-and-so came along.' And I'm like, 'Yeah! Now you know why I love it.'
You're not really necessarily the coolest guy in their life. You are a conduit to the really cool people.
We found out the Gemini spacesuit was, well, oxygen was flowing to keep me cool as well as to breathe, and it wasn't good enough. My visor got fogged.
A guy's biggest style mistake is definitely trying to look too cool. As long as you've got a good pair of jeans, a good pair of boots and a few good shirts, you're fine.
I liked the name Frog Brigade because it lent itself to a lot of cool imagery with the whole frog thing.
Maybe you are the 'cool' generation If coolness means a capacity to stay calm and use your head in the service of ends passionately believed in, then it has my admiration.
Spiderman can climb walls and he's got a cool outfit.
I am kind of a private person, so I don't miss that part of show business at all. Looking back on my career in television and making a movie like 'The Sound of Music' from an adult point of view, it actually seems kind of unreal. I was involved in shows that people grew up with - that hold memories for them - and it's a cool feeling.
I love crispy, cool sheets.
There is something exciting about being in an environment in which it's really cool to be smart.
Looking so cool, his greed is hard to conceal, he's fresh out of law school, you gave him a license to steal.
I'm a big fan of all the Boston guys that are acting - Matt Damon , Ben Affleck, Mark Wahlberg - they made a great career out of it, and they found a way to do it and still be cool guys, so that's kind of where I want to be.
I was a dancer, and it's not really cool for a boy to dance, so it was inspiring to see a movie like 'Footloose' where a guy is dancing masculine and had a proper reason behind it. It made me feel cool, and when these kids would make fun of me, I'd be like, 'Oh, didn't you see 'Footloose,' man?'
I think it can be fun to be single and date-like when you don't want a relationship. Or when you've just gotten out of a relationship, and, after get over the initial shock, your thinking, Hey, it's kind of cool being single.
My whole family actually, but my parents. I had such a normal and amazing childhood. I've been so lucky. My parents are cool and normal. They don't talk about the business and I still have stuff to do at their house.
I used to skip out of high school and go flying. It was just one of those things, I thought it was kind of a cool thing to do. I never thought about doing that as a profession, but I started checking things out and I found out there was a flight school down in Daytona Beach, called Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University.
I got a phone call from Fearne Cotton. It was amazing! I literally couldn't believe it. It was so cool. It was the night before I was going on her show to sing on the 'Live Lounge.' She was so lovely.
Dinosaurs was a cool idea, but we just couldn't find a way to make it really fun. We've got a bunch of great game ideas that we want to bring to life over the next several years.
I went to engineering school, which I thought was what I wanted to do, for about two weeks. We had an orientation class and we met this guy where he worked and stuff and it was cool, but I was like, 'There is no way this is going to be my life.'
With these men and women who work-for the cause with all their hearts, with cool heads and skilled hands we will master every fate.
Atlanta is an incredibly cool city.
I liked the way my character, Shane, was first introduced. You get introduced to her through this sexual action, and I thought that was so cool and just kind of summed up what she enjoys and who she is, to a certain extent. She's a complete sexual being and the great thing is that she doesn't apologize for it. It's just who she is. We rarely see women be able to do that on television.
What I like about the 'Underworld' thing is that it's a mix of cool genres, as well as creating its own message.
I've got two brothers and two sisters, so there's five of us and we're all very close, which is cool.
I like starting. It's pretty cool.
I'm a big techno fan. I love that thumping kick drum. We heard a version of 'Lost in Love' and it was thrash metal. It sounded cool!
I know some actors feel classes are not cool or they create negative public relations, but I continue to crave the story just beyond my reach. To grasp that brass ring I need to continue to fine-tune my talents.
Again, like I said, we're not trying to censor anyone. If you think drugs are cool, fine. Make that movie. We are not going to stop you, or try to stop you, but we would encourage other people to be a bit more responsible about their portrayal of drug usage.
I do love to walk around in New York because people will notice me, smile, but they never bother anyone. New Yorkers are very cool. I love New York.
I grew up on the South Side of Chicago, north Beverly. It was cool, everybody's cool on the block.
Working with Omarion is pretty amazing. That's like my brother. He's really cool.
When I was in high school, my friends and I would drive out into the country to abandoned houses and structures... haha... to ghost hunt. We would scare each other so bad! We would sometimes camp out by the abandoned buildings just to scare ourselves! Such good times. The adrenaline of real fear is so cool!
I don't want to stay underground for just the cool people.
Being a kid and growing up is such a cool part of life.
The alternative scene, for a couple years now, has been taken seriously and that's a cool thing. I don't think it's exploded or anything, but I think it's pretty cool that it still exists, it's still affecting people.
I noticed that this defense attorney is a very, very intelligent man, and he's very cool and he's very knowledgeable, and I think that personally I'd like to have an attorney like him.
Everyone is different, but I'm not standoffish at all. I'm not one of those people who prefer to write a note. I'll walk right up to you and ask you out! Even if the answer's no, I'm totally cool with it.
I am a very open, social, friendly person, and when it comes to people approaching me and asking for an autograph, I am totally cool with doing any of that. It's a lot of fun.
A couple days ago, I saw a lot of people tweeting, 'Oh, it's so cool 'Home' is being used in the Olympics!' We don't really get to watch much TV, man, with the concerts every night, but I wish I could have seen it. I really just found out through Twitter and my management texting me. I thought it was really awesome.
I think there are four or five interesting pockets where a lot of cool technology companies are getting started. Chicago is one of them. New York is certainly another. Silicon Valley really dominates. And you're seeing some stuff out of Boston and Seattle and down South.
And getting stunt coordinator Dan Bradley and everybody from the whole 'Bourne Supremacy' crew, I think was real cool for our film because we do a bunch of really big jumps in this movie.
I just thought it could make a really cool movie. It's not that it's just a buddy comedy but it's all about two guys hating each other and towards the end they're good friends. I liked that these two guys were best friends from the very beginning, and they're crazy.
I think it's really cool to embrace the pain of something that may have hurt you and be able to express it through music.
People spend hours constantly checking and tweeting and Facebooking. And it's cool to check up on your friends and see what's going on in the world, but it's not cool to spend five hours of your day on the computer looking at the Internet.
Well, I look at it like this: When you go to a restaurant, the less you know about what happens in the kitchen, the more you enjoy your meal. If the soup tastes good, everything's cool, and you don't necessarily want to know what's in it. The same thing holds true with movies.
It's really cool to know that you've put something together that isn't for a particular audience. It's so often that a TV show can really only speak to one sect of the population, and this really is something that appeals to a worldwide fan base. People who are into the pursuit of knowledge. Their reaction has meant the world to us.
I've always been into guitars... we want to put keyboards on, but keyboard players don't look cool onstage, they just keep their heads down. There has never been a cool keyboard player, apart from Elton John.
To me, anyone with an Australian accent wielding a tennis racket is cool.
On a film set everyone is very cool. Well, blase really.
But it's cool working with female directors because I'm a girl, so you do relate to them more. You can talk to them about other stuff like clothes and all that.
You know, Southerners are pretty cool.
I don't mind what the role is at all I just want to play cool characters.
Florida has been really cool to us. This is our first big club tour, and Pennywise has been really nice.
I've won some pretty cool things in my life and I have a lot of great titles.
It's fun to be a part of pop history. Anytime you can be referenced in that respect it can be cool.
Will Smith is young, he's cool and my kids have his CDs.
White people couldn't do black music back in the day because they weren't funky or bad enough. They weren't from the ghettoes, but hip-hop and R&ampB changed all of that because white kids want to be down with it. They wanted to learn it so they studied the culture. It's kind of a cool thing because we shouldn't be so separate.
I grew up around hip-hop so I didn't think it was about being cool or being black or being white or whatever.
It's pretty cool to be able to hang out with the President and have the race-winning car on the South Lawn.
I love 'Goodfellas' because it's a great movie - it's funny and there is action at perfect points. I just think Martin Scorsese makes everyone look really cool.
I've done four other films since 'Submarine,' so that's quite cool. It's just good to have people respect your work I've never had that before. Yeah, my life has changed crazy. I'm a kid from a small town in south Wales, I play my Xbox usually and all that sort of stuff, and it's a whole new world.
The 'Being Human' people were really cool and let me improvise. They had such a good working atmosphere. It was a cool set-up and a really good environment to be in.
I'm getting a lot of stick because my character in 'Young Dracula' wanted to be vampire, so now that I am a vampire, everyone's like, 'You finally did it!' But it's cool and I loved doing 'Young Dracula.' That show's finished and I don't know why it ended, so it was brilliant to go into 'Being Human,' which is like the adult version of it.
I'd love to pop back into 'Being Human' as Adam. I love the character so much. I've never really played a character like that. I'm always playing the geek, so to play a kid who is very energetic when he wants to be, and who is always trying to get the girls, was really cool.
I want to speak up and tell you that mascara and clothes don't make you cool, neither do name-brand handbags, but being a leader can.
Picking a best friend who stands up for what she believes in, is true to herself and allows you to be yourself without judgement of how 'cool' you are? Well, now you're picking a friend for life.
I was never interested in making cool, distilled, pure objects.
I've had cameos on some cool shows.
I wasn't some weird loner in school, but I definitely wasn't invited to any of the cool parties.
I was always a sci-fi and fantasy geek. I was in the 'Lord of the Rings' club and all my cool friends made fun of me.
Ninjas are so cool!
I'm not cool with ACORN or the working families' party, or people that vote like democrats and run on Republican lines.
I once saw a picture in the paper of John Hegley with 'poet' written on his knuckles, and I thought that was pretty cool, so I was quite up front about it.
I've never won an award for anything, and I think it's weird. I mean, that's really cool but it's strange to think you could get an award for acting. I always thought that was strange.
I feel like my music is just an extension of my acting. I treat the songs like scenes that tell a story... it's very similar. My favorite thing is when cartoon fans show up to my live gigs! They are always the most kick-butt audience members 'cause they're not trying to act all cool like a lot of the music fans do! It's refreshing!!
My favorite thing is when cartoon fans show up to my live gigs! They are always the most kick-butt audience members 'cause they're not trying to act all cool like a lot of the music fans do!
We believe the ice sheet was not around all the time. It was only around during cool snaps of the climate.
I remember in high school trying to get home from water-polo practice in time so I could see Happy Days on television when it first came on, because I was so blown away by it. It was just such a cool thing.
In the old days, a TV sync was perceived as not so cool or whittling away at your indie cred. Now it's seen as much more of an opportunity than a sellout, as a way to find fans who wouldn't have ordinarily come across their genre of music.
I am working on a dress sock line of funky, colorful, cool designs.
The cool thing about writing is that there is really never a typical day. Sometimes I get a rhythm going and head off to work every morning and come home at night. Sometimes I'll write for two days straight and then be utterly blank for the next two.
It's cool to be in the paper every once in awhile and people read about you and they know who you are.
I'm playing with Bonnie Raitt. I don't have to sing it. I just have to play it. That's cool.
Personally, I just got one of these Vonage IP phones. It's actually pretty cool. It comes with one of these Cisco ATA routers where you just plug an analog handset in.
I used to do this as a kid. And now they're paying me for it, which is cool.
L.A.'s cool I had a run with it to where it just pretty much wore me out. I love the weather and I have great friends there, great family, but I really cannot take a lot of the culture. Like Nashville, where everybody's a songwriter, everybody out there is an actor.
There aren't many things that are universally cool, and it's cool not to litter. I'd never do it.
There's nothing less funny than someone who looks cool. There's nothing more unappealing.
They very seldom let me lose my cool. They made me like I was Polly Perfect, which was ridiculous so that when I bump into kids on the street they'd say 'I wish my Mom were like you.'
Comedy is so hard to do, so it was very cool to do dead pan humor.
The cool wind blew in my face and all at once I felt as if I had shed dullness from myself. Before me lay a long gray line with a black mark down the center. The birds were singing. It was spring.
I'm cool with where I'm at. It's certain things I wanna do to be better, but I'm good.
You can think of Hollywood as high school. TV actors are freshmen, comedy actors are maybe juniors, and dramatic actors - they're the cool seniors.
But Freedom Strike was actually quite cool.
Now that we are cool, he said, and regret that we hurt each other, I am not sorry that it happened.
The cool thing about my profession is that I can do it until the day I die.
I get to hang out with people I think are awesome, and do work I think is awesome. It's really cool.
It's cool to have critical success because it's always nice for your peers to say, 'Good job.' But who cares about them?
In France, we don't yet have the craft that American TV does or big studios like Paramount. It was so cool going through those famous gates when you have your own little pass and picture on it. Woo hoo, I'm going to work!
My sister and I said, Dad, are you doing to do anything about that? And he mentioned treatments other people sent him that he'd been working on. So we thought it would be kind of cool to give these guys a real script.
The cool thing about working and meeting a lot of people through your acting is that you never know who you might work with, in the future.
I hated the idea of a high school sweetheart. Growing up, oh my God, it just made me sick. I wanted to have a range of cool boyfriends. I wanted to travel around and date these interesting men. Then it just happened. You fall in love.
When I was in school I read a lot of comic books and pretend I was in them and kids would tease me and call me names. But now I do the same things and people say that I'm artistic and cool and I'm doing the exact same thing I did in high school.
I was raised to believe in myself. I know I'm cool. I'm not trying to brag or say I'm the man or anything like that. I don't lie or cheat, and I'm not mean to anybody. I treat people with respect.
Internet mailing lists are like Fox television shows. They have really cool previews, and they get you all excited about them, but they just don't live up to their promises.
Definitely River Phoenix is somebody that I thought, 'This guy is very cool.' I wanted to be like him when I was a kid.
I thought that 'Twilight' would be a kind of girl movie, but it was cool.
I'm in a comic book now. That was cool. That's something that I'm still sorta reeling about, 'cause I read comics as a kid. Someone drew me, and actually did a pretty good job!
Film and television are just different. Film is cool because it's a complete package. You know the beginning, middle, and end. You can plan it out more, which I like. But with television you get a new script every week, so it's constantly a mystery as to what you're going to be doing.
I never had a cool older brother or sister to turn me on to cool music. I had to discover it for myself.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.'
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
There are no easy answers' but there are simple answers. We must have the courage to do what we know is morally right.
Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can't practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage.
Courage is grace under pressure.
We must build dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway.
Don't Make Assumptions. Find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.
One man with courage is a majority.
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.
Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage.
How few there are who have courage enough to own their faults, or resolution enough to mend them.
Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart courage to make love known?
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before.
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.
He is a man of courage who does not run away, but remains at his post and fights against the enemy.
From caring comes courage.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
The only service a friend can really render is to keep up your courage by holding up to you a mirror in which you can see a noble image of yourself.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.
Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.
Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!
Courage is a kind of salvation.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
God, give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, courage to change the things which should be changed and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.
Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
Courage is found in unlikely places.
Courage is the greatest of all virtues, because if you haven't courage, you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others.
To have courage for whatever comes in life - everything lies in that.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex... It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
The opposite for courage is not cowardice, it is conformity. Even a dead fish can go with the flow.
One man with courage makes a majority.
Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.
I'm grateful to God for His bountiful gifts... He gave me courage and faith in myself.
A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their graves obscure men whose timidity prevented them from making a first effort.
The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage.
A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die.
We must have courage to bet on our ideas, to take the calculated risk, and to act. Everyday living requires courage if life is to be effective and bring happiness.
The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself, in spite of being unacceptable.
Never be discouraged. If I were sunk in the lowest pits of Nova Scotia, with the Rocky Mountains piled on me, I would hang on, exercise faith, and keep up good courage, and I would come out on top.
It is only necessary to have courage, for strength without self-confidence is useless.
We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends.
Courage - a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger, and a mental willingness to endure it.
If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
Courage is not the absence of despair it is, rather, the capacity to move ahead in spite of despair.
Courage is being afraid but going on anyhow.
Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.
People with courage and character always seem sinister to the rest.
Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections.
The best protection any woman can have... is courage.
The trials on the road to world harmony are no greater than the courage of those who accept the challenge.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face... we must do that which we think we cannot.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.
I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.
Courage means to keep working a relationship, to continue seeking solutions to difficult problems, and to stay focused during stressful periods.
History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.
One isn't necessarily born with courage, but one is born with potential. Without courage, we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We can't be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest.
You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.
Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have.
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare.
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
A nation which has forgotten the quality of courage which in the past has been brought to public life is not as likely to insist upon or regard that quality in its chosen leaders today - and in fact we have forgotten.
A man of courage is also full of faith.
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds.
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
The courage of life is often a less dramatic spectacle than the courage of a final moment but it is no less a magnificent mixture of triumph and tragedy.
He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees the others.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
Every man has his own courage, and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other persons.
You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the world's problems at once but don't ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own.
The principles of living greatly include the capacity to face trouble with courage, disappointment with cheerfulness, and trial with humility.
Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence.
Don't wish me happiness - I don't expect to be happy it's gotten beyond that, somehow. Wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor - I will need them all.
Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline simulated fear postulates courage simulated weakness postulates strength.
I want to grow old without facelifts. I want to have the courage to be loyal to the face I have made.
My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.
A man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.
It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things.
I never thought much of the courage of a lion tamer. Inside the cage he is at least safe from people.
True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is.
Courtesy is as much a mark of a gentleman as courage.
He's a man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.
Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Real nobility is based on scorn, courage, and profound indifference.
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
My message to you all is of hope, courage and confidence. Let us mobilize all our resources in a systematic and organized way and tackle the grave issues that confront us with grim determination and discipline worthy of a great nation.
Believers, look up - take courage. The angels are nearer than you think.
God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right even though I think it is hopeless.
All of us have moments in our lives that test our courage. Taking children into a house with a white carpet is one of them.
Change will never happen when people lack the ability and courage to see themselves for who they are.
Character contributes to beauty. It fortifies a woman as her youth fades. A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude, and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
Give us grace and strength to forbear and to persevere. Give us courage and gaiety and the quiet mind, spare to us our friends, soften to us our enemies.
I have a hat. It is graceful and feminine and give me a certain dignity, as if I were attending a state funeral or something. Someday I may get up enough courage to wear it, instead of carrying it.
My mother taught me about the power of inspiration and courage, and she did it with a strength and a passion that I wish could be bottled.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
Life is to be entered upon with courage.
Every human being on this earth is born with a tragedy, and it isn't original sin. He's born with the tragedy that he has to grow up... a lot of people don't have the courage to do it.
I've been through it all, baby, I'm mother courage.
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.
A wise woman recognizes when her life is out of balance and summons the courage to act to correct it, she knows the meaning of true generosity, happiness is the reward for a life lived in harmony, with a courage and grace.
We need to find the courage to say no to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
Untutored courage is useless in the face of educated bullets.
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms. It means a strong desire to live taking the form of readiness to die.
The first virtue in a soldier is endurance of fatigue courage is only the second virtue.
There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence. He is still a King.
Two qualities are indispensable: first, an intellect that, even in the darkest hour, retains some glimmerings of the inner light which leads to truth and second, the courage to follow this faint light wherever it may lead.
Many a man will have the courage to die gallantly, but will not have the courage to say, or even to think, that the cause for which he is asked to die is an unworthy one.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Healing takes courage, and we all have courage, even if we have to dig a little to find it.
Goodness is about character - integrity, honesty, kindness, generosity, moral courage, and the like. More than anything else, it is about how we treat other people.
If human beings had genuine courage, they'd wear their costumes every day of the year, not just on Halloween.
There is nothing in the world so much admired as a man who knows how to bear unhappiness with courage.
I have seen in the Halls of Congress more idealism, more humanness, more compassion, more profiles of courage than in any other institution that I have ever known.
Courage and grace are a formidable mixture. The only place to see it is in the bullring.
No matter what you think about the Iraq war, there is one thing we can all agree on for the next days - we have to salute the courage and bravery of those who are risking their lives to vote and those brave Iraqi and American soldiers fighting to protect their right to vote.
The courage we desire and prize is not the courage to die decently, but to live manfully.
Just remaining quietly in the presence of God, listening to Him, being attentive to Him, requires a lot of courage and know-how.
The paradox of courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life even in order to keep it.
Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
There can be no great courage where there is no confidence or assurance, and half the battle is in the conviction that we can do what we undertake.
We need men with moral courage to speak and write their real thoughts, and to stand by their convictions, even to the very death.
The weak in courage is strong in cunning.
Freedom is the sure possession of those alone who have the courage to defend it.
You will find as you grow older that courage is the rarest of all qualities to be found in public life.
Every day begins with an act of courage and hope: getting out of bed.
A team is where a boy can prove his courage on his own. A gang is where a coward goes to hide.
Each person has inside a basic decency and goodness. If he listens to it and acts on it, he is giving a great deal of what it is the world needs most. It is not complicated but it takes courage. It takes courage for a person to listen to his own goodness and act on it.
It is a blessed thing that in every age some one has had the individuality enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions.
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.
Perfect courage is to do without witnesses what one would be capable of doing with the world looking on.
Courage can't see around corners but goes around them anyway.
Courage and willingness to just go for it, whether it is a conversation or a spontaneous trip or trying new things that are scary - it is a really attractive quality.
Earth teach me to forget myself as melted snow forgets its life. Earth teach me resignation as the leaves which die in the fall. Earth teach me courage as the tree which stands all alone. Earth teach me regeneration as the seed which rises in the spring.
The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to the next.
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.
In the Soviet army it takes more courage to retreat than advance.
Courage without conscience is a wild beast.
Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character had abounded and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and courage which it contained.
Why should we honour those that die upon the field of battle? A man may show as reckless a courage in entering into the abyss of himself.
Let's drink to the spirit of gallantry and courage that made a strange Heaven out of unbelievable Hell, and let's drink to the hope that one day this country of ours, which we love so much, will find dignity and greatness and peace again.
To dare to live alone is the rarest courage since there are many who had rather meet their bitterest enemy in the field, than their own hearts in their closet.
Traits like humility, courage, and empathy are easily overlooked - but it's immensely important to find them in your closest relationships.
He who knows no hardships will know no hardihood. He who faces no calamity will need no courage. Mysterious though it is, the characteristics in human nature which we love best grow in a soil with a strong mixture of troubles.
Valor is stability, not of legs and arms, but of courage and the soul.
It is courage, courage, courage, that raises the blood of life to crimson splendor. Live bravely and present a brave front to adversity.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Courage consists not in hazarding without fear but being resolutely minded in a just cause.
To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage.
The kind of beauty I want most is the hard-to-get kind that comes from within - strength, courage, dignity.
Genius is talent set on fire by courage.
We've begun to raise daughters more like sons... but few have the courage to raise our sons more like our daughters.
Despair gives courage to a coward.
Life is the most exciting opportunity we have. But we have one shot. You graduate from college once, and that's it. You're going out of that nest. And you have to find that courage that's deep, deep, deep in there. Every step of the way.
He that fails in his endeavors after wealth or power will not long retain either honesty or courage.
Either life entails courage, or it ceases to be life.
Courage stands halfway between cowardice and rashness, one of which is a lack, the other an excess of courage.
Everyone has talent. What is rare is the courage to follow the talent to the dark place where it leads.
To persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage in a man.
Political courage is not political suicide.
This soul, or life within us, by no means agrees with the life outside us. If one has the courage to ask her what she thinks, she is always saying the very opposite to what other people say.
Courage and conviction are powerful weapons against an enemy who depends only on fists or guns. Animals know when you are afraid a coward knows when you are not.
Unless a reviewer has the courage to give you unqualified praise, I say ignore the bastard.
The strangest, most generous, and proudest of all virtues is true courage.
Courage, above all things, is the first quality of a warrior.
The amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and moral courage it contained. That so few now dare to be eccentric marks the chief danger of the time.
I beg you take courage the brave soul can mend even disaster.
The more wit the less courage.
I have the responsibility of over four million people, and I am in a position to do good, to be able to bring about a new life for my people, and I will continue to move in that direction. It's a burden, but it needs to be done, and you have to have the courage and wisdom to see it through.
Then there is a still higher type of courage - the courage to brave pain, to live with it, to never let others know of it and to still find joy in life to wake up in the morning with an enthusiasm for the day ahead.
One man scorned and covered with scars still strove with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable stars and the world will be better for this.
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
I think my mother... made it clear that you have to live life by your own terms and you have to not worry about what other people think and you have to have the courage to do the unexpected.
Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.
Leaders come in many forms, with many styles and diverse qualities. There are quiet leaders and leaders one can hear in the next county. Some find strength in eloquence, some in judgment, some in courage.
Determination, energy, and courage appear spontaneously when we care deeply about something. We take risks that are unimaginable in any other context.
Great tragedy has come to us, and we are meeting it with the best that is in our country, with courage and concern for others because this is America. This is who we are.
Way down deep, we're all motivated by the same urges. Cats have the courage to live by them.
Suffering! We owe to it all that is good in us, all that gives value to life we owe to it pity, we owe to it courage, we owe to it all the virtues.
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded.
Today we affirm a new commitment to live out our nation's promise through civility, courage, compassion and character.
Courage consists not in blindly overlooking danger, but in seeing it, and conquering it.
Creativity takes courage.
Courage enlarges, cowardice diminishes resources. In desperate straits the fears of the timid aggravate the dangers that imperil the brave.
If we survive danger it steels our courage more than anything else.
There are pretenders to piety as well as to courage.
Religion in its humility restores man to his only dignity, the courage to live by grace.
Courage that grows from constitution often forsakes a man when he has occasion for it courage which arises from a sense of duty acts in a uniform manner.
If we are to survive, we must have ideas, vision, and courage. These things are rarely produced by committees. Everything that matters in our intellectual and moral life begins with an individual confronting his own mind and conscience in a room by himself.
When God speaks, oftentimes His voice will call for an act of courage on our part.
Peace comes when you talk to the guy you most hate. And that's where the courage of a leader comes, because when you sit down with your enemy, you as a leader must already have very considerable confidence from your own constituency.
We are very much what others think of us. The reception our observations meet with gives us courage to proceed, or damps our efforts.
It takes someone with a vision of the possibilities to attain new levels of experience. Someone with the courage to live his dreams.
Rather like Batman, I embody the themes of the movie which are the values of family, courage and compassion and a sense of right and wrong, good and bad and justice.
The principal act of courage is to endure and withstand dangers doggedly rather than to attack them.
Have the courage to act instead of react.
People think I have courage. The courage in my family are my wife Pam, my three daughters, here, Nicole, Jamie, LeeAnn, my mom, who's right here too.
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.
I'm a big fan of small business ownership. I think it's the backbone of American innovation. But to be successful, you first have to have the courage to go for it.
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
Let a new earth rise. Let another world be born. Let a bloody peace be written in the sky. Let a second generation full of courage issue forth let a people loving freedom come to growth.
In strife who inquires whether stratagem or courage was used?
Often the difference between a successful man and a failure is not one's better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on his ideas, to take a calculated risk, and to act.
In fact, my courage and my bravery at a young age was the thing I was bullied for, a kind of 'Who do you think you are?'
There is in true beauty, as in courage, something which narrow souls cannot dare to admire.
Physical courage, which despises all danger, will make a man brave in one way and moral courage, which despises all opinion, will make a man brave in another.
You have to have courage to be obedient to God.
I'm sick of not having the courage to be an absolute nobody.
Courage conquers all things: it even gives strength to the body.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
The sea - this truth must be confessed - has no generosity. No display of manly qualities - courage, hardihood, endurance, faithfulness - has ever been known to touch its irresponsible consciousness of power.
Courage, my friends 'tis not too late to build a better world.
Courage is doing what you are afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you are scared.
Courage is what preserves our liberty, safety, life, and our homes and parents, our country and children. Courage comprises all things.
Courage is often lack of insight, whereas cowardice in many cases is based on good information.
The courage of the poet is to keep ajar the door that leads into madness.
Courage is simply the willingness to be afraid and act anyway.
Whether you be man or woman you will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
He who loses wealth loses much he who loses a friend loses more but he that loses his courage loses all.
True courage is not the brutal force of vulgar heroes, but the firm resolve of virtue and reason.
At the bottom of not a little of the bravery that appears in the world, there lurks a miserable cowardice. Men will face powder and steel because they have not the courage to face public opinion.
Physical bravery is an animal instinct moral bravery is much higher and truer courage.
While President Bush likes to project an image of strength and courage, the real truth is that in the presence of his large financial contributors, he is a moral coward.
Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.
Audacity augments courage hesitation, fear.
For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men.
The courage of very ordinary people is all that stands between us and the dark.
To live we must conquer incessantly, we must have the courage to be happy.
I have the courage of my convictions.
In all realms of life it takes courage to stretch your limits, express your power, and fulfill your potential... it's no different in the financial realm.
A wise woman knows how to summon her courage and do what is right, rather than what is easy.
It takes vision and courage to create - it takes faith and courage to prove.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
The courage to be is rooted in the God who appears when God has disappeared in the anxiety of doubt.
Soldiers, when committed to a task, can't compromise. It's unrelenting devotion to the standards of duty and courage, absolute loyalty to others, not letting the task go until it's been done.
America needs jobs, smaller government, less spending and a president with the courage to offer more than yet another speech.
If we bring not the good courage of minds covetous of truth, and truth only, prepared to hear all things, and decide upon all things, according to evidence, we should do more wisely to sit down contented in ignorance, than to bestir ourselves only to reap disappointment.
I think there's a difference between ditzy and dumb. Dumb is just not knowing. Ditzy is having the courage to ask!
Values are principles and ideas that bring meaning to the seemingly mundane experience of life. A meaningful life that ultimately brings happiness and pride requires you to respond to temptations as well as challenges with honor, dignity, and courage.
The test of courage comes when we are in the minority. The test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority.
So the brother in black offers to these United States the source of courage that endures, and laughter.
It requires greater courage to preserve inner freedom, to move on in one's inward journey into new realms, than to stand defiantly for outer freedom. It is often easier to play the martyr, as it is to be rash in battle.
The best thing to do is stare it in the face and move on. We have to face our fears and plow through. I think taking chances takes a lot more courage than staying stagnant and doing what's safe and comfortable.
There's only one requirement of any of us, and that is to be courageous. Because courage, as you might know, defines all other human behavior. And, I believe - because I've done a little of this myself - pretending to be courageous is just as good as the real thing.
Those who won our independence... valued liberty as an end and as a means. They believed liberty to be the secret of happiness and courage to be the secret of liberty.
And I think most people in this country want to see a president that's got the courage to say we're going to cut the tax burden, and reduce the regulatory climate, and we're going to get Americans working.
I have no physical courage, I've asked for a double.
Often the difference between a successful person and a failure is not one has better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on one's ideas, to take a calculated risk - and to act.
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.
Courage is the capacity to confront what can be imagined.
Patience, that blending of moral courage with physical timidity.
War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it.
The last thing a woman will consent to discover in a man whom she loves, or on whom she simply depends, is want of courage.
Because with courage and conviction I believe we can deliver a more flexible, adaptable and open European Union in which the interests and ambitions of all its members can be met.
Courage in danger is half the battle.
Courage easily finds its own eloquence.
Good courage in a bad affair is half of the evil overcome.
The courage of a soldier is found to be the cheapest and most common quality of human nature.
Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
My mother taught me that we all have the power to achieve our dreams. What I lacked was the courage.
Every man of courage is a man of his word.
A man of courage never needs weapons, but he may need bail.
As for courage and will - we cannot measure how much of each lies within us, we can only trust there will be sufficient to carry through trials which may lie ahead.
But courage which goes against military expediency is stupidity, or, if it is insisted upon by a commander, irresponsibility.
Cowardice and courage are never without a measure of affectation. Nor is love. Feelings are never true. They play with their mirrors.
Let us go forth with fear and courage and rage to save the world.
Washington's answer to a self-inflicted financial crisis reminded Americans why they so deeply distrust the political class. The 'fiscal cliff' process was secretive and sloppy, and the nation's so-called leadership lacked the political courage to address our root problems: joblessness and debt.
When you make that crossover from life to real life, when you're not treated as a child anymore but as a man, and you are no longer given the benefit of the doubt, it takes some courage to face that.
Fashion should not be expected to serve in the stead of courage or character.
We're going to be OK because of the American people. They have more grit, determination and courage than you can imagine.
At the same time, I would add that the American people have a lot of courage.
It takes a lot of courage to face up to things you can't do because we feed ourselves so much denial.
Never undertake anything for which you wouldn't have the courage to ask the blessings of heaven.
Honest conviction is my courage the Constitution is my guide.
The courage to imagine the otherwise is our greatest resource, adding color and suspense to all our life.
Discouragement is not the absence of adequacy but the absence of courage.
Conscience is the root of all true courage if a man would be brave let him obey his conscience.
I always disliked dogs, those protectors of cowards who lack the courage to fight an assailant themselves.
You cannot build character and courage by destroying men's initiative and independence.
We are biological creatures. We are born, we live, we die. There is no transcendent purpose to existence. At best we are creatures of reason, and by using reason we can cure ourselves of emotional excess. Purged of both hope and fear, we find courage in the face of helplessness, insignificance and uncertainty.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
We learned to be patient observers like the owl. We learned cleverness from the crow, and courage from the jay, who will attack an owl ten times its size to drive it off its territory. But above all of them ranked the chickadee because of its indomitable spirit.
If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.
There are no greater treasures than the highest human qualities such as compassion, courage and hope. Not even tragic accident or disaster can destroy such treasures of the heart.
Nothing gives us courage more readily than the desire to avoid looking like a damn fool.
A member must say that he is a member of the Unification Church and that he is the follower of Sun Myung Moon. If he doesn't have the courage to say it, he is not worthy of me.
What is more mortifying than to feel that you have missed the plum for want of courage to shake the tree?
It's not just Bin Laden or just those that are involved in the counterterrorism effort. We've gotta cast the net broader than that. But I think it's a - very special tribute that we all owe to the bravery and courage of the men and women in the intelligence and military business who performed so well to finally get it done.
Courage is always rewarded.
The enchanting charms of this sublime science reveal only to those who have the courage to go deeply into it.
With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.
What I've always said is that I'm opposed to institutional racism, and I would've, had I've been alive at the time, I think, had the courage to march with Martin Luther King to overturn institutional racism, and I see no place in our society for institutional racism.
I have reached the conclusion that those who have physical courage also have moral courage. Physical courage is a great test.
Wait for the Lord. Behave yourself manfully, and be of good courage. Do not be faithless, but stay in your place and do not turn back.
It takes a good deal of physical courage to ride a horse. This, however, I have. I get it at about forty cents a flask, and take it as required.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
He's nice enough not to want to be associated with a nasty remark but not nice enough not to make it. Lacking the courage of one's nastiness does not make one nice.
It is easy enough to praise men for the courage of their convictions. I wish I could teach the sad young of this mealy generation the courage of their confusions.
Unjust. How many times I've used that word, scolded myself with it. All I mean by it now is that I don't have the final courage to say that I refuse to preside over violations against myself, and to hell with justice.
You have to do what you need to do as an artist. You have to have that courage.
I don't understand why people say that I am full of courage. I feel terribly nervous.
A statesman wants courage and a statesman wants vision but believe me, after six months' experience, he wants first, second, third and all the time - patience.
Prime Minister Sharon, Prime Minister Abbas, I urge you today to end the designs of those who seek destruction, annihilation and occupation, and I urge you to have the will and the courage to begin to realize our dreams of peace, prosperity and coexistence.
Women's courage is rather different from men's. The fact that women have to bring up children and look after husbands makes them braver at facing long-term issues, such as illness. Men are more immediately courageous. Lots of people are brave in battle.
The most important thing for me was to never, ever, ever deny it. But I didn't really have the courage to talk about it. I was thinking, The people who need to know I'm gay know.
I want to find the candidates who understand the principles of American exceptionalism and have the character, the courage, and the confidence to actually lead the greatest nation in the world.
People talk about the courage of condemned men walking to the place of execution: sometimes it needs as much courage to walk with any kind of bearing towards another person's habitual misery.
I went through a long period where I was afraid of doing things I wanted to do, and you get your courage back, which is what's important.
Overcoming the Cold War required courage from the people of Central and Eastern Europe and what was then the German Democratic Republic, but it also required the steadfastness of Western partner over many decades when many had long lost hope of integration of the two Germanys and Europe.
Deep Throat's information, and in my view, courage, allowed the newspaper to use what he knew and suspected.
On sensitive issues, talk isn't cheap - it takes real courage to pry open topics nailed shut.
When you really believe in God, it gives you a courage, a confidence that enables you to meet the things coming.
Men create real miracles when they use their God-given courage and intelligence.
I want to thank the Academy for its courage and generosity.
I have a lot of courage. I'm a realist.
In times of conflict, war, poverty or religious fundamentalism, women and children are the first and most numerous victims. Women need all their courage today.
A military coup needs a sacrifice and courage that you can't find in an army without morale.
Courage is poorly housed that dwells in numbers the lion never counts the herd that are about him, nor weighs how many flocks he has to scatter.
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress.
Killing yourself is a major commitment, it takes a kind of courage. Most people just lead lives of cowardly desperation. It's kinda half suicide where you just dull yourself with substances.
We want deeper sincerity of motive, a greater courage in speech and earnestness in action.
I was a little doubtful about the propriety of going to the Mammoth Cave without a gentleman escort, but if two ladies travel alone they must have the courage of men.
Our situation today shows that beauty demands for itself at least as much courage and decision as do truth and goodness, and she will not allow herself to be separated and banned from her two sisters without taking them along with herself in an act of mysterious vengeance.
You can't test courage cautiously.
Being gifted needs courage.
Some of the greatest survivors have been women. Look at the courage so many women have shown after surviving earthquakes in the rubble for days on end.
Limit to courage? There is no limit to courage.
There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality.
We are telling the American people to have patience, courage, resolve and determination.
Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear.
There are two types of courage involved with what I did. When it comes to picking up a rifle, millions of people are capable of doing that, as we see in Iraq or Vietnam. But when it comes to risking their careers, or risking being invited to lunch by the establishment, it turns out that's remarkably rare.
TV is so different from the movies. It takes a lot of stamina because you work such long hours. It is really challenging. You are learning the next day's lines while you are shooting today's scenes. I found courage I never realised I had. I hope to do more.
I think that the romantic impulse is in all of us and that sometimes we live it for a short time, but it's not part of a sensible way of living. It's a heroic path and it generally ends dangerously. I treasure it in the sense that I believe it's a path of great courage. It can also be the path of the foolhardy and the compulsive.
The older people that one admires seem to be fearless. They go right out into the world. It's astounding. Maybe they can't see or they can't hear, but they walk out into the street and take life as it comes. They're models of courage, in a strange way.
Your determination, selflessness and courage have brought the freedom struggle towards its fulfilment.
Real courage is knowing what faces you and knowing how to face it.
It took me realizing that a broken heart has never actually killed anyone to find the courage to ask for what I want, in just about every situation. That was part of my own growing up.
You live with the fear people might find out. Then you actually have the courage to tell people and they go, I don't think you are gay. It's enough to drive you crazy.
Obama wants to be thought of as the president who freed us from foreign oil. But if he doesn't show some political courage, he may well be remembered as the president who cooked the planet.
The valor and courage of our young women and men in the armed services are a shining example to all of the world, and we owe them and their families our deepest respect.
True courage is like a kite a contrary wind raises it higher.
The only reason I'm in Hollywood is that I don't have the moral courage to refuse the money.
One of the greatest gifts my father gave me - unintentionally - was witnessing the courage with which he bore adversity. We had a bit of a rollercoaster life with some really challenging financial periods. He was always unshaken, completely tranquil, the same ebullient, laughing, jovial man.
One has to have the courage of one's pessimism.
Our film examines the heroism, courage and prowess of the Soviet submarine force in ways never seen before.
Without strength and courage it's really hard to perform at the highest levels of international figure skating, because you're alone on the ice and you only have seven minutes over two nights to prove yourself.
It takes a certain courage and a certain greatness to be truly base.
Until the day of his death, no man can be sure of his courage.
Falsehood is cowardice, the truth courage.
Have the courage to be ignorant of a great number of things, in order to avoid the calamity of being ignorant of everything.
But we got up there and decided to stick to this mix of power chords and funk and that's where it really started for us. In having the courage to take that decision. To take a gamble not just with our music but our lives.
Intellectuals try to keep going. But their situation is very difficult. Those who have had the courage to voice their opposition have often paid a very high price.
I've always been inspired by artists who have shown musical and intellectual curiosity and the courage to take risks.
Courage! I have shown it for years think you I shall lose it at the moment when my sufferings are to end?
There is not a single Muslim leader today who has the courage and commitment to defend Islam and Muslims, they are all in awe of the United States and other Western powers, and are indebted to them.
What makes America amazing is that there have always been men and women of courage who were willing to think more about the future of their children and grandchildren than they did about their own political careers.
When we have done our best, we can, as a united people, take whatever may befall with calm courage and confidence that this old nation will survive and if death should come to many of us, death is not the end.
The 'Bird's Nest' National Stadium, which I helped to conceive, is designed to embody the Olympic spirit of 'fair competition.' It tells people that freedom is possible but needs fairness, courage and strength.
Courage is sometimes frail as hope is frail: a fragile shoot between two stones that grows brave toward the sun though warmth and brightness fail, striving and faith the only strength it knows.
Men was formed for society, and is neither capable of living alone, nor has the courage to do it.
One of the things that makes Hamlet unique among Shakespeare's characters is his courage to face up to the darker elements of his personality.
I'm still shy - I'm no good at my children's parent-teacher conferences, and I'm slowly learning how to ask for what I want. But I now know that I have a reserve of courage to draw upon when I really need it. There's nothing that I'm too scared to have a go at.
Often the test of courage is not to die but to live.
I have always had the courage for the new things that life sometimes offers.
Physical courage is a great test.
In my old age, I have been thinking about this, and I have reached the conclusion that those who have physical courage also have moral courage.
Howard Dean has been successful because he was clear in his opposition to the war. People appreciate a politician with the courage to say, I oppose this war.
No, I am not a homosexual. If I were a homosexual, I would hope I would have the courage to say so. What's cruel is that you are forcing me to say I am not a homosexual. This means you are putting homosexuals down. I don't want to do that.
Ingenuity, plus courage, plus work, equals miracles.
How many women have the courage to start properly with a cold, cold bath early in the morning? I jump in, throw the water, cold as ice, and after the first plunge I am happy.
You take a number of small steps which you believe are right, thinking maybe tomorrow somebody will treat this as a dangerous provocation. And then you wait. If there is no reaction, you take another step: courage is only an accumulation of small steps.
With courage and character, American soldiers continue to put themselves on the line to defend our freedom, and so many have paid the ultimate sacrifice.
I hope America can also be the cultural leader of the world, and use this frontier spirit to lead and show others that we need courage to go places where we have not gone before.
Australia is a nation of compassion. Courage and compassion. And the third of these great values: resilience.
You want to shut up every Negro who has the courage to stand up and fight for the rights of his people, for the rights of workers, and I have been on many a picket line for the steelworkers too.
I know that throughout their history, the people of the United States defended their freedom, their liberty, their justice, and their rights - if need be - with their lives. I think their courage is so admirable.
War is fear cloaked in courage.
Love makes a subtle man out of a crude one, it gives eloquence to the mute, it gives courage the cowardly and makes the idle quick and sharp.
Heroes to me are guys that sit in libraries. They absorb knowledge and then the risks they take are calculated on the basis of the courage it took to become replete with knowledge.
The courage of a soldier is heightened by his knowledge of his profession.
Such decisions will be far reaching and difficult. But you never lacked courage in the past. Your courage is now needed for the future.
Courage: Great Russian word, fit for the songs of our children's children, pure on their tongues, and free.
Courage is never to let your actions be influenced by your fears.
To me, there is no greater act of courage than being the one who kisses first.
A life lesson for me is, how do you muster the courage to take on a new risk? Whether it's starting up a business or taking on a new project or expedition. I think the risks that we take are all relative to the risk-taker.
Maybe you will be afraid and maybe you will fail, but the courage to take risks in any part of your life is, I feel, a very worthwhile way to live.
When I was straight, I had the courage and energy to become an actress. I owe my career to my will to stop using.
The one thing I learned the most about acting is it takes a tremendous amount of courage to go there and stand still. It takes courage and guts to step out of your mind frame and depict something.
Courage to continue comes from deeper sources than outward results.
There are always a few who stand up in times of communal madness and have the courage to say that what unites us is greater than what divides us.
Each of us has an inner dream that we can unfold if we will just have the courage to admit what it is. And the faith to trust our own admission. The admitting is often very difficult.
You must have love as the core it takes courage to be willing to constantly tell the truth to each other and risk letting the relationship go.
Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.
An able, disinterested, public-spirited press, with trained intelligence to know the right and courage to do it, can preserve that public virtue without which popular government is a sham and a mockery.
Courage is... the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
It takes both courage and talent to stand up in front of fellow human beings and make them crack a smile, and at the same time keep it clean.
Wisdom, prudence, forethought, these are essential. But not second to these that noble courage which adventures the right, and leaves the consequences to God.
These rules may seem simple enough, but it will require great morale and physical courage to adhere to them. But if carried out in the strict sense of the word it will surely lead to a greater success than could otherwise be attained.
Keep courage. Whatever you do, do not feel sorry for yourself. You will win in a great age of opportunity.
I find fault with my children because I like them and I want them to go places - uprightness and strength and courage and civil respect and anything that affects the probabilities of failure on the part of those that are closest to me, that concerns me - I find fault.
Leadership requires the courage to make decisions that will benefit the next generation.
There's only one thing worse than a man who doesn't have strong likes and dislikes, and that's a man who has strong likes and dislikes without the courage to voice them.
Therefore, don't let sinners take courage to think they will be favoured like the thief on the cross for we see on the other side, they may be like the hardened one, and reproach death itself.
Everybody, even me, sometimes had to compromise on something, doing things we know to be wrong, and this happens doing whatever job in the world. But a singer must have the courage of saying no.
Part of courage is simple consistency.
Whether you be man or woman you will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
It has been my honor to support and work with President Barack Obama, a man who has brought courage and character to the presidency. President Obama's strength of character leads him to do the right thing, even when it isn't the easy thing.
We had no more courage than Harriet Tubman or Marcus Garvey had in their times. We just had a more vulnerable enemy.
Pugnacity is a form of courage, but a very bad form.
The President regards the Japanese as a brave people but courage, though useful in time of war, is subordinate to knowledge of arts hence, courage without such knowledge is not to be highly esteemed.
The world will step aside for nearly anyone who has the courage of his of her opinions.
If one suffers we all suffer. Togetherness is strength. Courage.
It is up to African leaders to show their will and political courage in order to assure that this new pan-African institution becomes an efficient instrument and not a place for endless discussions.
Had we lived I should have had a tale to tell of the hardihood, endurance and courage of my companions which would have stirred the heart of every Englishman. These rough notes and our dead bodies must tell the tale.
We know the threats - from global terrorist networks to the spread of deadly weapons. Yet we also know that embedded in this time of danger is the promise of a new day, if we have the courage and commitment to work together.
Remember that when you meet your antagonist, to do everything in a mild agreeable manner. Let your courage be keen, but, at the same time, as polished as your sword.
I saw courage both in the Vietnam War and in the struggle to stop it. I learned that patriotism includes protest, not just military service.
Peace is a fragile thing. It takes courage to secure it. It takes wisdom to maintain it.
President Obama and our all-of-the-above energy strategy is the real deal. We are proud of the fact that we are importing less oil than at any time in modern history, and it has been because of the president's vision and courage.
Grave was the man in years, in looks, in word, his locks were grey, yet was his courage green.
The people of South Carolina support conservatives who are trying to push real change, and the people of South Carolina expect their presidential candidates to back them up when they show courage.
I'll know how to die with courage that is easier than living.
I fear some of our leaders today have lost the courage to stand up. What we have now are politicians. They won't offer real plans, and only stand up when they want to blame someone else.
As the first Hispanic female governor in history, little girls often come up to me in the grocery store or the mall. They look and point, and when they get the courage, they ask 'Are you Susana?' and they run up and give me a hug.
A leader must have the courage to act against an expert's advice.
It takes a great deal of courage to follow another person's lead.
The courage in journalism is sticking up for the unpopular, not the popular.
Well, number one I like dancing. Number two I knew it would be challenging because I had never done this type of dance before. I always wanted to and I happened to have the courage to go out there and give it my best shot.
With his trademark courage and conviction, President Reagan led us out of the Cold War, spreading his vision of freedom, resulting in the release of millions of people from the yoke of communism.
Paul persuaded me to join the band. I would never have had the courage otherwise. It was fun at the beginning. We were playing just for fun, with Paul's group.
I think laughter may be a form of courage. As humans we sometimes stand tall and look into the sun and laugh, and I think we are never more brave than when we do that.
When we read stories of heroes, we identify with them. We take the journey with them. We see how the obstacles almost overcome them. We see how they grow as human beings or gain qualities or show great qualities of strength and courage and with them, we grow in some small way.
My sword I give to him that shall succeed me in my pilgrimage, and my courage and skill to him that can get it.
Have the courage of your desire.
I wish we lived in a society that made it safe and provided the courage for everyone to come out.
Now that I've got some films under my belt, I have the courage of my convictions regarding acting. It gives me a leg to stand on.
The quality that defines us as Americans is the courage to respond to being hit. The courage to root out and destroy the killers. And, most importantly, the courage to hold on to our values and protect our hard-won freedoms while doing it.
Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.
Love is the most difficult and dangerous form of courage. Courage is the most desperate, admirable and noble kind of love.
I love Joan Collins. She's a wonderful lady. She has such courage. She's such a good actress.
I have three favorite politicians: Reagan, Truman, and Bobby Kennedy - Bobby for showing remarkable political courage despite being loathed by many on both sides.
More firm and sure the hand of courage strikes, when it obeys the watchful eye of caution.
That's what acting is - it's about... having the courage to allow your audience into the private moments of your characters' lives.
The criteria for serving one's country should be competence, courage and willingness to serve. When we deny people the chance to serve because of their sexual orientation, we deprive them of their rights of citizenship, and we deprive our armed forces the service of willing and capable Americans.
We had every problems starting a big top could have. The tent fell down on the first day. We had problems getting people into the shows. It was only with the courage and arrogance of youth that we survived.
The word courage - God, I love that word. Words are so important to me.
Just two weeks ago, millions of Iraqis defied the threats of terrorists and went to the polls to determine their own future. I congratulate the Iraqi people for the courage they've shown in making these elections so successful.
Presumption should never make us neglect that which appears easy to us, nor despair make us lose courage at the sight of difficulties.
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.
I admired Eugene McCarthy's courage and although I left his Senate staff after four years to accept a job as the researcher on the editorial page of the 'Washington Post,' I remained an admirer.
A man of courage flees forward, in the midst of new things.
When somebody who makes movies for a living - either as an actor, writer, producer or director - lives to be a certain age, you have to admire them. It is an act of courage to make a film - a courage for which you are not prepared in the rest of life. It is very hard and very destructive. But we do it because we love it.
With faith and courage, generations of Armenians have overcome great suffering and proudly preserved their culture, traditions, and religion and have told the story of the genocide to an often indifferent world.
I think that people need to have the courage of their convictions and not be trying to fool people into thinking that they've changed overnight.
Our young people have come to look upon war as a kind of beneficent deity, which not only adds to the national honor but uplifts a nation and develops patriotism and courage.
Well, I think that - I think leadership's always been about two main things: imagination and courage.
I'm a writer of faith who worries about the intolerance of religion. I look at the past and fear we haven't learned from it. I believe that humanity is capable of evil as well as great acts of courage and goodness. I have hope. Deep down, I believe in the human spirit, although sometimes that belief is shaken.
Most of the good executives do pretty well. Because to be a good executive you have to be strong, and you have to have a simple attribute that people have forgotten about - courage.
Freedom. And Justice. If you have those two, it covers everything. You must stick to those principles and have the courage of your convictions.
Because at bottom, I'm interested in fear, and in courage and cowardice and these are easier to get at through fiction, where you can enter people's heads.
Those who are rooted in the depths that are eternal and unchangeable and who rely on unshakeable principles, face change full of courage, courage based on faith.
Throughout the years, many Christian women have told me of their great respect for the bravery and courage evident in my work, perhaps even gesturing to their own Isis earrings or a Nile River Goddess pendants.
There is a measure needing courage to adopt and enforce it, which I believe to be of virtue sufficient to redeem the nation in this its darkest hour: one only I know of no other to which we may rationally trust for relief from impending dangers without and within.
I pray they will carry on in spite of that dreadful monster prejudice, and with patience, courage, fortitude and perseverance achieve success for themselves.
It takes courage to know when you ought to be afraid.
For as long as this nation has known war, we have embraced the heroes it has produced. Americans have rightfully noted the honor and nobility of courage under hostile fire and thanked those who perished in their defense.
Anyone can support a team that is winning - it takes no courage. But to stand behind a team to defend a team when it is down and really needs you, that takes a lot of courage.
Through the inspiration of Vaclav's words, the courage of his dissidence and the integrity of his leadership, Czechoslovakia successfully transitioned from an authoritarian state to a free democracy at the heart of Europe.
Most of man's problems upon this planet, in the long history of the race, have been met and solved either partially or as a whole by experiment based on common sense and carried out with courage.
Although the war in which you fought took place more than half-a-century ago, your courage, your sacrifice and your patriotism reaches through the decades and inspires us today.
Optimism is the foundation of courage.
Americans are gathering the courage to just say no. We are saying no to addictive consumer lifestyles. We are saying no to wars and corporate takeover and the IMF loans that gobble up people and their resources.
As a gay Jewish white South African, I belong to quite a lot of minority groups. You constantly have to question who you are, what you are and whether you have the courage to be who you are.
To go to hospitals and see people fight and overcome cystic fibrosis or cancer or any number of illnesses is to see courage that is humbling. And athletes constantly need to be humbled.
The British were indeed very far superior to the Americans in every respect necessary to military operations, except the revivified courage and resolution, the result of sudden success after despair.
Yes, you must have the courage of being free.
Throughout the history of our young nation, we have seen our military go bravely into battle, armed with courage and willing to make the ultimate sacrifice.
I think what I would say to my younger self, and probably to younger, just starting-out writers is that a lot of times you're just afraid to put yourself out there, and it's uncomfortable because it's working up the courage to do something, to push yourself to do those things.
Rosa Parks' courage, determination, and tenacity continue to be an inspiration to all those committed to non-violent protest and change nearly half a century later.
It is so often true that whether a person carries with him an atmosphere of gloom and depression or one of confidence and courage depends on his individual outlook.
To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage, or of principle.
The problem is when you are writing something in retrospective, it needs a lot of courage not to change, or you will forget a certain reality, and you will just take in consideration your view today.
The qualities of an exceptional cook are akin to those of a successful tightrope walker: an abiding passion for the task, courage to go out on a limb and an impeccable sense of balance.
In short, we need to recover the courage we celebrate in our heroes, and in particular, the courage to tolerate, for the sake of a free society, a level of risk we hardly ever imagined in the past.
It is a wise man who knows where courage ends and stupidity begins.
I try to be a truthful artist and I try to show a level of courage. I enjoy that. I'm a messenger.
Courage is the fear of being thought a coward.
The right response to the non-problem of global warming is to have the courage to do nothing.
In the inhalation and exhalation there is an energy and a lively divine spirit, since He, through his spirit supports the breath of life, giving courage to the people who are in the earth and spirit to those who walk on it.
Let me start with Yahoo. As we meet today, a Chinese citizen who had the courage to speak his mind on the Internet is in prison because Yahoo chose to share his name and address with the Chinese Government.
Courage is action, not talk.
It is our conduct, our patriotism and belief in our American way of life, our courage that will win the final battle.
Let who will boast their courage in the field, I find but little safety from my shield, Nature's, not honour's law we must obey: This made me cast my useless shield away.
It was actually a women's writing group I belonged to in graduate school that gave me the courage to move from poetry to fiction.
As long as the opposition believes the world will stand with Ukraine's democrat reformers, they will have the leverage and the courage to establish a legitimate republic under the leadership of Viktor Yushchenko.
It would be sad if we lost our instinct and our courage to love and protect.
I think the moments that are difficult for anybody are when you see what your life could be, if only you had the courage to take the steps needed.
Farrah Fawcett had courage, she had strength, and she had faith.
I have written a memoir here and there, and that takes its own form of selfishness and courage. However, generally speaking, I have no interest in writing about my own life or intruding in the privacy of those around me.
I know what real courage is, and I understand true compassion.
My talent is such that no undertaking, however vast in size... has ever surpassed my courage.
And as a child I was filled with passionate admiration for acts of civic courage I had seen performed by an elderly military doctor, who was a friend of my family.
It often takes more courage to change one's opinion than to keep it.
We must remind Americans that the promise of opportunity remains unbroken - that every person in this great nation can succeed through hard work, courage and personal responsibility.
Courage is always the surest wisdom.
One of the marks of a gift is to have the courage of it.
But after this natural burst of indignation, no man of sense, courage, or prudence will waste his time or his strength in retrospective reproaches or repinings.
I think the Iraqi people have shown extraordinary patience and courage in the last few months. They have really put a political system on the way to success, to a real democracy here.
Freedom is a system based on courage.
In this work I have received the opposition of a number of men who only advocate the unobtainable because the immediately possible is beyond their moral courage, administrative ability, and their political prescience.
With honesty of purpose, balance, a respect for tradition, courage, and, above all, a philosophy of life, any young person who embraces the historical profession will find it rich in rewards and durable in satisfaction.
I would kiss you, had I the courage.
One of the hardest questions I have been asked is 'How will you manage the army if you are having menstrual cramps?' I have also been asked if I will have the courage to face criminals. My answer is that courage is not a matter of gender.
It is remarkable that this people, though unarmed, dares attack an armed foe the infantry defy the cavalry, and by their activity and courage generally prove victors.
With Pearl Jam, everybody is so good at what they do, it's hard to get up the courage to say, Can I sing this part, or, I want to play guitar. I feel like I have more courage to do that.
I'm not a fighter, but I would love to be a boxer because I love the courage and toughness. I mean, there can be nothing more terrifying than walking into an arena and looking at Mike Tyson in the ring.
But steel bars have never yet kept out a mob it takes something a good deal stronger: human courage backed up by the consciousness of being right.
During the long process of history, by relying on our own diligence, courage and wisdom, Chinese people have opened up a good and beautiful home where all ethnic groups live in harmony and fostered an excellent culture that never fades.
I've decided to run for the U.S. Senate because I believe Wisconsin families need a senator who will work hard to deliver results for the middle class - a leader with the courage to do what's right, no matter how tough the odds or how powerful the special interests we have to fight.
Ofttimes the test of courage becomes rather to live than to die.
I like so much wearing heels, legs look so much better, everything looks better. But it's only recently I've had the courage to do that.
Courage is just fear, plus prayers, plus understanding.
Ronald Reagan's well documented final battles with Alzheimer's disease were fought with the same conviction and courage that his many public battles were fought.
The man who has the courage of his platitudes is always a successful man.
In our film profession you may have Gable's looks, Tracy's art, Marlene's legs or Liz's violet eyes, but they don't mean a thing without that swinging thing called courage.
To show the world what long experience gains, requires not courage, though it calls for pains but at life's outset to inform mankind is a bold effort of a valiant mind.
War paralyzes your courage and deadens the spirit of true manhood.
None speak of the bravery, the might, or the intellect of Jesus but the devil is always imagined as a being of acute intellect, political cunning, and the fiercest courage. These universal and instinctive tendencies of the human mind reveal much.
Men who live valiantly and die nobly have a strength and a courage from the eternal Father.
True courage is a result of reasoning. A brave mind is always impregnable.
It may not be the most popular but there is a place for it. I think about the kind of music I love, acoustic, melodic, and I guess it kind of took a bit of courage on my part to think I could be one of those songwriters.
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day is a time to honor the greatest champion of racial equality who taught a nation - through compassion and courage - about democracy, nonviolence and racial justice.
It takes far less courage to kill yourself than it takes to make yourself wake up one more time. It's harder to stay where you are than to get out. For everyone but you, that is.
There is no glory in war, yet from the blackness of its history, there emerge vivid colours of human character and courage. Those who risked their lives to help their friends.
Courage to be is the key to revelatory power of the feminist revolution.
I took my courage in both hands and went to the Laundromat to do my washing. I had to use three machines.
I love revolutionaries who have the courage to stand up against the status quo. They're always misunderstood, but they're the ones who are standing up for human rights.
To bathe a cat takes brute force, perseverance, courage of conviction - and a cat. The last ingredient is usually hardest to come by.
The memoirs that have come out of Africa are sometimes startlingly beautiful, often urgent, and essentially life-affirming, but they are all performances of courage and honesty.
Give the people not hell, but hope and courage.
Courage ought to have eyes as well as arms.
Whatever enlarges hope will also exalt courage.
Someone once told me the one thread that runs through them all is a premium on personal courage - not intellectual courage, but just plain physical courage.
They put me in a harness, like a horse, to learn the back somersault. It was weird up there when I put on that harness for the first time. The courage came with practice.
There has to be this pioneer, the individual who has the courage, the ambition to overcome the obstacles that always develop when one tries to do something worthwhile, especially when it is new and different.
If we can't have the courage to tell our constituents, hey, we've got to cut back, then if we can point to something and say, I would like to vote for more benefits for you, but this balanced budget amendment or statutory spending cap or whatever the device is, is preventing me from doing it.
If you set as your goal to roll back the size of government, you have an obligation to answer the tough questions and show real courage, not just appeal to ideology. Treat the voters like adults.
The presidents of colleges have to have some courage to step forward. You can't limit alcohol in college sports, you have to get rid of it.
What I love about the East End is that there's a great perseverance, determination and courage. What I dislike about it is that there is sometimes a celebration of ignorance.
Morality may consist solely in the courage of making a choice.
Necessity does the work of courage.
Even within the last three or four years, I have a greater ability to communicate, I think. I have more courage to show the stuff... And it does take courage.
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities - because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
A man of character in peace is a man of courage in war.
My definition of courage is never letting anyone define you.
If I am to be known for anything, I would like it to be for encouraging Canadians, for knowing a little bit about their daily, extraordinary courage. And for wanting that courage to be recognized.
We simply do not understand our place in the universe and have not the courage to admit it.
It's up to the courage of the filmmakers to make art in cinema, not just business. John was rejected by studios, he borrowed money and did movies with his own money. You're either courageous or not. You have to find a way.
I know this president. And I can tell you that he cares deeply about the next generation of young women in this country - his daughters, and everyone's daughters. President Obama had the courage to stand with Sandra Fluke. Without hesitation, he defended her right to tell her story.
People don't follow titles, they follow courage.
Moral courage is higher and a rarer virtue than physical courage.
Support the strong, give courage to the timid, remind the indifferent, and warn the opposed.
Greatness, in the last analysis, is largely bravery - courage in escaping from old ideas and old standards and respectable ways of doing things.
I emphasize... that the Harrimans showed great courage and loyalty and confidence in us, because three or four of us were really running the business, the day to day business.
Have the courage to face a difficulty lest it kick you harder than you bargain for.
To him that waits all things reveal themselves, provided that he has the courage not to deny, in the darkness, what he has seen in the light.
There's no mystique to acting. It's only common sense - and a bit of courage.
Resignation is the courage of Christian sorrow.
There can be a fundamental gulf of gracelessness in a human heart which neither our love nor our courage can bridge.
I know that if I'd had to go and take an exam for acting, I wouldn't have got anywhere. You don't take exams for acting, you take your courage.
You cannot build character and courage by taking away a man's initiative and independence.
I want to encourage our people, to educate our people to have the courage to understand and fight for their rights.
It is easier for a father to have children than for children to have a real father.
When one has not had a good father, one must create one.
My father? I never knew him. Never even seen a picture of him.
I am not ashamed to say that no man I ever met was my father's equal, and I never loved any other man as much.
Whoever does not have a good father should procure one.
I made a decision when my father passed away that I was going to be who God made me to be and not try to preach like my father.
I stopped loving my father a long time ago. What remained was the slavery to a pattern.
I just wish I could understand my father.
I know that I will never find my father in any other man who comes into my life, because it is a void in my life that can only be filled by him.
Fathers are biological necessities, but social accidents.
Sons have always a rebellious wish to be disillusioned by that which charmed their fathers.
The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf.
My father was my teacher. But most importantly he was a great dad.
The fundamental defect of fathers, in our competitive society, is that they want their children to be a credit to them.
I have never been a material girl. My father always told me never to love anything that cannot love you back.
Every parent is at some time the father of the unreturned prodigal, with nothing to do but keep his house open to hope.
Babies don't need fathers, but mothers do. Someone who is taking care of a baby needs to be taken care of.
A father is a man who expects his son to be as good a man as he meant to be.
All the learnin' my father paid for was a bit o' birch at one end and an alphabet at the other.
Undeservedly you will atone for the sins of your fathers.
I pressed my father's hand and told him I would protect his grave with my life. My father smiled and passed away to the spirit land.
A father is always making his baby into a little woman. And when she is a woman he turns her back again.
It is much easier to become a father than to be one.
There's sometimes a weird benefit to having an alcoholic, violent father. He really motivated me in that I never wanted to be anything like him.
My father was not a failure. After all, he was the father of a president of the United States.
I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father.
The child is father of the man.
My father... had sharper eyes than the rest of our people.
Being a father, being a friend, those are the things that make me feel successful.
Dad was the only adult male I ever trusted.
An angry father is most cruel towards himself.
There is too much fathering going on just now and there is no doubt about it fathers are depressing.
The time not to become a father is eighteen years before a war.
My father taught me that the only way you can make good at anything is to practice, and then practice some more.
I kept my babies fed. I could have dumped them, but I didn't. I decided that whatever trip I was on, they were going with me. You're looking at a real daddy.
Whenever I fail as a father or husband... a toy and a diamond always works.
Humor is always based on a modicum of truth. Have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law?
It is impossible to please all the world and one's father.
A dramatic thing, the first time you stand up to your dad.
A father's disappointment can be a very powerful tool.
It was my father who taught me to value myself. He told me that I was uncommonly beautiful and that I was the most precious thing in his life.
But the love of adventure was in father's blood.
I'm a father. It isn't just my life any more. I don't want my kid finding bottles in the house or seeing his father completely smashed.
My father never raised his hand to any one of his children, except in self-defense.
I never had a speech from my father 'this is what you must do or shouldn't do' but I just learned to be led by example. My father wasn't perfect.
I wanted to take up music, so my father bought me a blunt instrument. He told me to knock myself out.
My father wouldn't get us a TV, he wouldn't allow a TV in the house.
The surprising thing about fatherhood was finding my inner mush. Now I want to share it with the world.
I inherited that calm from my father, who was a farmer. You sow, you wait for good or bad weather, you harvest, but working is something you always need to do.
The most important influence in my childhood was my father.
My father was grounded, a very meat-and-potatoes man. He was a baker.
Feels good to try, but playing a father, I'm getting a little older. I see now that I'm taking it more serious and I do want that lifestyle.
I'm more comfortable with whatever's wrong with me than my father was whenever he felt he failed or didn't measure up to the standard he set.
I wasn't anything special as a father. But I loved them and they knew it.
Watching your husband become a father is really sexy and wonderful.
Father or stepfather - those are just titles to me. They don't mean anything.
If my father had hugged me even once, I'd be an accountant right now.
What harsh judges fathers are to all young men!
My father, he was like the rock, the guy you went to with every problem.
My father wants me to be like my brother, but I can't be.
I would never have done what I'd done if I'd considered my father as somebody I wanted to please.
Nobody ever asks a father how he manages to combine marriage and a career.
Father told me that if I ever met a lady in a dress like yours, I must look her straight in the eyes.
My father was the guy on the block who said hi to everyone.
My grandfather, along with Carnegie, was a pioneer in philanthropy, which my father then practiced on a very large scale.
I love the comic opportunities that come up in the context of a father-son relationship.
I wanted to be a forest ranger or a coal man. At a very early age, I knew I didn't want to do what my dad did, which was work in an office.
That is the thankless position of the father in the family - the provider for all, and the enemy of all.
I was raised by free-spirited people, though my father gave me a very strong work ethic.
As a little girl I used to daydream about my real father coming on a white horse to rescue me.
Do you know that other than my father, I've never had a man take care of me?
Employee fathers need to step up to the plate and put their family needs on the table.
I love my dad, although I'm definitely critical of him sometimes, like when his pants are too tight. But I love him so much and I try to be really supportive of him.
Child-rearing is my main interest now. I'm a hands-on father.
Because of my father, we are that Shining City on a Hill.
No, I never thought about my father's money as my money.
But I have to be careful not to let the world dazzle me so much that I forget that I'm a husband and a father.
I have always thought of Walt Disney as my second father.
My father was never anti-anything in our house.
Aeneas carried his aged father on his back from the ruins of Troy and so do we all, whether we like it or not, perhaps even if we have never known them.
One of my earliest memories is of my father carrying me in one arm with a picket sign in the other.
My father loved people, children and pets.
My father was the most rational and the most dispassionate of men.
I grew up not liking my father very much. I never saw him cry. But he must have. Everybody cries.
My father taught me how to substitute realities.
My father and I have a very good relationship. We always got along. But I always scold him.
My dad taught me true words you have to use in every relationship. Yes, baby.
I'm a fun father, but not a good father. The hard decisions always went to my wife.
I was punished for blowing the whistle on my father's lifestyle.
Fathers in today's modern families can be so many things.
My father invented a cure for which there was no disease and unfortunately my mother caught it and died of it.
So my father was a person who never lied to me. If I had a question, he answered it. I knew a lot of things at a young age because I was intrigued.
My father was something of a rainbow-chaser.
My father was always telling himself no one was perfect, not even my mother.
The best money advice ever given me was from my father. When I was a little girl, he told me, 'Don't spend anything unless you have to.'
My father was an Episcopalian minister, and I've always been comforted by the power of prayer.
When I was a kid, I used to imagine animals running under my bed. I told my dad, and he solved the problem quickly. He cut the legs off the bed.
Being a father to my family and a husband is to me much more important than what I did in the business.
My dad always said, 'Don't worry what people think, because you can't change it.'
Rich men's sons are seldom rich men's fathers.
When a father, absent during the day, returns home at six, his children receive only his temperament, not his teaching.
No man is responsible for his father. That was entirely his mother's affair.
My brother Bob doesn't want to be in government - he promised Dad he'd go straight.
Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten.
Dad almost died of a heart attack in the middle of making Apocalypse Now, the biggest movie of his life. It doesn't make you want to jump into that business.
Dad kept us out of school, but school comes and goes. Family is forever.
What is a normal childhood? We weren't rich, we were pretty middle-class. My dad survived from job to job with him taking care of so many relatives, he couldn't save any money.
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom.
I like to think my dad was easygoing and kind, and I think some of those things have been passed down. I am like him in a sense of being positive and hopeful. He was compassionate, and I've got a lot of that in me as well.
My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all - the gift of unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would be, and much less about what we would do.
I didn't try to copy my dad or fit into the pressure or the mold that everybody tried to make me fit into.
I was built up from my dad more than anyone else.
I'm not sure what the future holds but I do know that I'm going to be positive and not wake up feeling desperate. As my dad said 'Nic, it is what it is, it's not what it should have been, not what it could have been, it is what it is.'
I've told Billy if I ever caught him cheating, I wouldn't kill him because I love his children and they need a dad. But I would beat him up. I know where all of his sports injuries are.
My dad had been born in Mexico and his family had to leave during the Mexican revolution.
You know, my dad served in the President's Cabinet after his time as a governor. He told me he enjoyed being governor a lot more. Now, I understand why. If I do my job well, I can make a difference in people's lives and I can help our children realize their dreams.
When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?'
Me and my dad are the biggest promoters of an estate tax in the US. It's not a popular position.
And my dad, you're a great actor but you're a better father.
I've got high standards when it comes to boys. As my dad says, all girls should! I'm from the South - Tennessee, to be exact - and down there, we're all about southern hospitality. I know that if I like a guy, he better be nice, and above all, my dad has to approve of him!
Don't forget Mother's Day. Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day.
My father used to play with my brother and me in the yard. Mother would come out and say, 'You're tearing up the grass' 'We're not raising grass,' Dad would reply. 'We're raising boys.'
My dad said to me growing up: 'When all is said and done, if you can count all your true friends on one hand, you're a lucky man.'
I think a dad has to make his daughter feel that he's genuinely interested in what she's going through.
Apparently, one in five people in the world are Chinese. And there are five people in my family, so it must be one of them. It's either my mum or my dad. Or my older brother, Colin. Or my younger brother, Ho-Chan-Chu. But I think it's Colin.
Don't force your kids into sports. I never was. To this day, my dad has never asked me to go play golf. I ask him. It's the child's desire to play that matters, not the parent's desire to have the child play. Fun. Keep it fun.
Anyone can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a dad, and that's why I call you dad, because you are so special to me. You taught me the game and you taught me how to play it right.
My dad was like a stage mother he always pushed me to do what I wanted.
One of the greatest titles in the world is parent, and one of the biggest blessings in the world is to have parents to call mom and dad.
My dad encouraged us to fail. Growing up, he would ask us what we failed at that week. If we didn't have something, he would be disappointed. It changed my mindset at an early age that failure is not the outcome, failure is not trying. Don't be afraid to fail.
My dad was my best friend and greatest role model. He was an amazing dad, coach, mentor, soldier, husband and friend.
I never saw any of my dad's stories. My mother said he had piles and piles of manuscripts.
My dad used to say, 'You wouldn't worry so much about what people thought about you if you knew how seldom they did.
Dad taught me everything I know. Unfortunately, he didn't teach me everything he knows.
All that really matters is I have two beautiful kids, and I'm trying to be the best dad I can possibly be, and that's the most important thing of all.
I started out mopping floors, waiting tables, and tending bar at my dad's tavern. I put myself through school working odd jobs and night shifts. I poured my heart and soul into a small business. And when I saw how out-of-touch Washington had become with the core values of this great nation, I put my name forward and ran for office.
I always wanted what Mom and Dad had.
My dad is still Christian Scientist. My mom's not, and I'm not. But I believe in God, and that there's a higher power and an intelligence that's bigger than us and that we can rely on. It's not just us, thinking we are the ones in control of everything. That idea gives me support.
Fortunately, as it pertains to guns, my dad and uncle introduced me to guns the way it needs to be done: smart, slow and safe.
My dad raised me with some good advice: 'Always tell the truth. Always shoot from the hip. You might not have many friends, but you'll never have enemies, because people will always know where you're coming from.'
My dad is a motorcycle guy, not some Hollywood dude.
I feel lazy when I'm not working. I learned all my business sense from my dad. He always believed in me, and I think the last thing he said to me before he passed away was, 'I know you're gonna be OK. I'm not worried about you'.
My dad loves what I do and I support my parents financially because they didn't have a job that gave them a pension.
My dad, bless him, was a musician. And his dad had thought that his music was rubbish.
I'm a pretty hands-on dad and make the most of my custody. I take care of my little one whenever I can, and she determines what I can do and where I can do it.
And my dad drilled it in my head, you know, 'If you want it bad enough, and you're willing to make the sacrifices, you can do it. But first you have to believe in yourself.
But there's no substitute for a full-time dad. Dads who are fully engaged with their kids overwhelmingly tend to produce children who believe in themselves and live full lives.
I think I've got my business notions and my sense for that sort of thing from my dad. My dad never had a chance to go to school. He couldn't read and write. But he was so smart. He was just one of those people that could just make the most of anything and everything that he had to work with.
When I was younger, my family would go camping and fishing on our ranches. My dad loves being around all kinds of animals. He's the one who got me to be a really big animal lover.
Where I come from, you don't really talk about how much you're earning. Those things are private. My dad never told my mum how much he was earning. I'm certainly not going to tell the world. I'm doing well.
My dad was a particularly polite kind of guy, very courteous.
Looking back, I think I was always musical. My dad was very musical, and I think my mom was musical.
I'm very at ease, and I like it. I never thought I would be such a family-oriented guy I didn't think that was part of my makeup. But somebody said that as you get older you become the person you always should have been, and I feel that's happening to me. I'm rather surprised at who I am, because I'm actually like my dad!
My dad took me to my first movie.
And I saw the sax line-up that he had behind him and I thought, I'm going to learn the saxophone. When I grow up, I'm going to play in his band. So I sort of persuaded my dad to get me a kind of a plastic saxophone on the hire purchase plan.
I love being a dad. I just love it.
My dad was the town drunk. Most of the time that's not so bad but New York City?
I wanted to be a skinny little ballerina but I was a voluptuous little Italian girl whose dad had meatballs on the table every night.
My dad became a soap opera actor, and I was an extra in a skating rink scene on the soap. I didn't audition. It was nepotism all the way.
My dad was good with actions.
My dad died of a stroke.
There is nothing that would upset me more than my dad being bribed by the press. It's like, 'Just let them run it, then. Don't you give them ammunition.'
I have never been jealous. Not even when my dad finished fifth grade a year before I did.
I'm a dad, I'm a husband, I'm an activist, I'm a writer and I'm just a student of the world.
Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them.
As my dad said, you have an obligation to leave the world better than how you found it. And he also reminded us to be givers in this life, and not takers.
You see another side of Draco when he's with his dad. When Draco is with his dad, he doesn't say anything. He keeps his mouth shut. He's sort of bullied by his dad, so he acts very different.
I mean, I look at my dad. He was twenty when he started having a family, and he was always the coolest dad. He did everything for his kids, and he never made us feel like he was pressured. I know that it must be a great feeling to be a guy like that.
I was in the bath at the time, and my dad came running in and said, 'Guess who they want to play Harry Potter!?' and I started to cry. It was probably the best moment of my life.
Working with my dad was such a gas. We approached the work in a similar way. We only made two films together when I was an adult, Tucker, and Blown Away, but it was so much fun to play with your parent like that.
For me, growing up, the downside of it was that as a kid you don't want to stand out. You don't want to have a famous father let alone get a job because of your famous father, you know? But I'm a product of nepotism. That's how I got my foot in the door, through my dad.
Great dad. Yeah, he would ask me for money on birthdays and, you know, inappropriate times. And I just wrote him off like, 'You're not a father.' I just learned you cannot emotionally invest in people who are not attainable.
Now I meditate twice a day for half an hour. In meditation, I can let go of everything. I'm not Hugh Jackman. I'm not a dad. I'm not a husband. I'm just dipping into that powerful source that creates everything. I take a little bath in it.
I don't know, I just want to be happy. I could be in a hole somewhere. Or I could completely lose it and be some hippy living in the woods with my dad.
I didn't know my dad for a long time. My dad was on drugs and my dad was at the VA Hospital, my dad was off in his own world selling drugs or using them or there would be crack heads in the house or whatever it would be.
My parents were working class folks. My dad was a bartender for most of his life, my mom was a maid and a cashier and a stock clerk at WalMart. We were not people of financial means in terms of significant financial means. I always told them, 'I didn't always have what I wanted. I always had what I needed.' My parents always provided that.
My dad was a bartender. My mom was a cashier, a maid and a stock clerk at K-Mart. They never made it big. They were never rich. And yet they were successful. Because just a few decades removed from hopelessness, they made possible for us all the things that had been impossible for them.
Without my dad, I wouldn't be here.
My dad played fiddle as well.
When I was younger, I had a perm, and it was really big. My mom was a hairdresser, so even my dad had a perm! I looked like a poodle, but it was cool at the time.
My friends say, 'Man you're going to have kids sleeping on pillowcases with your face on it! You're going to be on toothbrushes and magnets and stuff.' I guess now that I'm a dad, I'm thrilled about that.
My kids are not that interested in my movie career, by the way. My son, in particular, never talks about it. He just wants me as his dad.
I've never heard my dad say a bad word about anybody. He always keeps his emotions in check and is a true gentleman. I was taught that losing it was indulgent, a selfish act.
Now my dad is with me, traveling with me and a big part of this whole thing is I like to mix it up a little bit, you know. Who gets to take their father on a private jet across the country and stay in first class hotels? So we're enjoying it, but I'd stop if it's not possible.
My dad used to say, 'Just because you dress up in a coat and tie, it doesn't influence your intelligence.'
My Dad used to tell us: 'En este pais, ustedes van a poder lograr todas las cosas que nosotros no pudimos' 'In this country, you will be able to accomplish all the things we never could.'
My dad, he is such a soft man. Even if he has these opinions about my boyfriends, he will be the sweetest guy. He will make you feel like you're fascinating and awesome, even if he doesn't like you that much.
I'm not a religious person. My mom was of Jewish blood and my dad was Protestant.
My dad believes in God, I think. I'm not sure if my mom does. I don't.
My dad's got a brilliant eye for scripts 'cos he's a literary agent. He and my agent read a load of scripts and filter them.
Joanna points her camera at a section of society unused to having cameras pointed at it. But I don't know about categorizing them in terms of class I'm a bit wary of that. My dad is the son of a shipbuilder.
It's an ongoing joy being a dad.
I forgive my mom for being a psycho and my dad for being a loser.
It is a sad commentary of our times when our young must seek advice and counsel from 'Dear Abby' instead of going to Mom and Dad.
There are absolutely no problems between me, my dad and my sister. Obviously I grew up with just my mum, but my relationship with my dad is just fine.
My grandfather and my uncle both died from colorectal cancer, my dad almost died from it and I have the gene for it.
A father and two sons run Adelphia. It's a cable company. And they took from that company a billion dollars. A billion. Three people - three people took a billion dollars. What were they gonna do, start their own space program? 'Let's send the monkey to Mars, Dad!'
One of the scary things is that, when you're a kid, you look at your dad as the man who has no fear. When you're an adult, you realize your father had fear, and that you have it, too.
I'm just a pretty regular dad.
My dad says I could sing before I could talk, if that's possible. I was always humming and things like that.
I once said to my father, when I was a boy, 'Dad we need a third political party.' He said to me, 'I'll settle for a second.'
My Dad was my biggest supporter. He never put pressure on me.
My dad always used to tell me that if they challenge you to an after-school fight, tell them you won't wait-you can kick their ass right now.
I'm a dad, and I no longer see a way for my kids to even inherit the money that I'm making, let alone go out there, have an idea, and create it in their own lifetime.
I like all the angels around because they protect me and my daughter. I mean, her Dad's an angel.
My dad never blew anything up, but he probably had friends who did. He and my mom have always preached that the pen is mightier than a Molotov cocktail.
Overcoming my dad telling me that I could never amount to anything is what has made me the megalomaniac that you see today.
Going to the theater is such a joyous experience. My dad would take my sister and me to plays when we were very young, like six or seven years old.
My dad's a beautiful man, but like a lot of Mexican men, or men in general, a lot of men have a problem with the balance of masculinity and femininity - intuition and compassion and tenderness - and get overboard with the macho thing. It took him a while to become more, I would say, conscious, evolved.
My Dad is my hero.
I can definitely say the older I've got the better I've become at being a dad and a husband.
My dad always said, 'Champ, the measure of a man is not how often he is knocked down, but how quickly he gets up.'
I'm turning into a stricter dad.
I probably have an earlier curfew than anyone. My mom wants to keep me really safe and my dad's not overly protective, but he's a dad no matter what.
I don't really know any other musicians like me. I grew up backstage with my dad who played in a post-war dance band, so I always feel at home at a venue.
I love my dad and we have a very good relationship now.
I'm the whitest guy you will ever meet. The first time I saw an African-American, my dad had to tell me to stop staring.
When I was little, we had a Golden Book that had all these Disney characters in one portrait on the first page. My dad used to read from it every night. We'd play this game of find Pluto or find Donald Duck. He'd read us stories and do all the voices. Those are great memories.
Most children - I know I did when I was a kid - fantasize another set of parents. Or fantasize no parents. They don't tell their real parents about that - you don't want to tell Mom and Dad. Kids lead a very private life. And I was a typical child, I think. I was a liar.
Most children - I know I did when I was a kid - fantasize another set of parents. Or fantasize no parents. They don't tell their real parents about that - you don't want to tell Mom and Dad.
My dad and mom believed that you do what you have to do in private and don't make a big deal out of it. Just try to help people as much as you can.
What I do now is all my dad's fault, because he bought me a guitar as a boy, for no apparent reason.
My dad bought me a guitar and people would ask me to play.
My dad is a Deadhead, my mom's a Jewish-American princess from Jersey.
My mom was a waitress, and my dad was a plumber who worked for the City of San Clemente fixing mains breaks, so not too glamorous.
My dad, he's the rocker.
We all started snowboarding in the beginning as a family just to be closer together, go on trips. It was our soccer, but instead of Dad yelling at me from the sideline he is there riding with me and hitting the jumps even before I am hitting them.
My dad always tell me to make decisions from love and not from fear.
My dad takes care of me as a manager and as a dad. That's his job, you know, to take care of me. He has my best interests at heart.
When I was in nursery school, the teachers asked me, y'know, 'What does your dad do for a living?' So I said 'He helps women get pregnant!' They called my mom and they were like, 'What exactly does your husband do?'
You always hear people saying, 'I hope I'm not turning into my dad', but I'd be honoured if I became half as decent a bloke as he is.
I came back from university thinking I knew all about politics and racism, not knowing my dad had been one of the youngest-serving Labour councillors in the town and had refused to work in South Africa years ago because of the situation there. And he's never mentioned it - you just find out. That's a real man to me. A sleeping lion.
My dad taught me from my youngest childhood memories through these connections with Aboriginal and tribal people that you must always protect people's sacred status, regardless of the pest.
I haven't been baptised. My dad's not in the church and is not a religious person. My mum is more spiritual - she does Thai-chi and goes to Stonehenge and things like that. I'm proud to be pagan. Finland is not really a religious country. I'm still looking for my god.
My dad was a Methodist minister.
The problem with me, as far as getting married and having a family, is that my comedy is so important to me. So I don't know if I'll ever be as good a dad as my dad.
But my dad also was a remarkable man, a good person, a principled individual, a man of integrity.
My dad was a militant atheist, or is a militant atheist. My mum was sort of bought up in a religious family because she was a Protestant from Ireland but wasn't especially religious.
I go off and make movies I come home, and I'm a dad and I hang with my girls.
They have had such a crazy life living with me as their dad. Not crazy but different from their friends.
I've dated all kinds of guys and didn't know who I'd end up with. But I kind of assumed it would be someone more like my dad than not.
My dad's whole family is in Madras and I was born in America so we didn't have that big Indian community. I don't really have anything interesting to say about it. When I talk about it people are like, 'meh, let's talk about something else.'
I have to remind my dad, 'Journalists - no matter how many cigars they smoke with you - are not your friends, so don't talk to them.'
I like to believe that I've got a lot of guardian warriors sittin' on my shoulder including my dad.
I used to say, 'Man, I think I'd be a really good dad. I'll be a great provider. I'm funny I'll go on trips with them - I'll do all sorts of stuff.' But the momming? I'm not made for that. I have a really good mom I know what she put into it.
My dad's probably one of the kindest people in the world. When I was younger that's not how I was- I was a little spoiled brat.
I spent a lot of time on farms when I was young. My uncle and my dad owned a big farm.
I have this complex. I don't like too much exposure. I don't know why it is. Maybe it's bred in me, because my dad always told me to be humble and don't think you're too good.
And of course I've got kids of my own now, and they love me being in the Harry Potter films. I'm now part of a phenomenon. You become incredibly cool to your kids, and you get a young fan base. So you became the cool dad at school. You're suddenly hip.
My humanitarian work evolved from being with my family. My mom, my dad, they really set a great example for giving back. My mom was a nurse, my dad was a school teacher. But my mom did a lot of things for geriatrics and elderly people. She would do home visits for free.
It wasn't like I was self-motivated. My dad started me. It was his dream before it was mine.
I'm always on the court with my dad.
You get to a certain age and you can't judge yourself on your dad or your parents.
Not much shocked me. You know, I worked in a home for Alzheimer's patients and my dad used to be really into murders and stuff, so I saw dead bodies. It desensitised me to a lot of things.
The only day I remember of my parents' marriage was the day my dad walked out. As I stood there at five years old, with my older sister and younger brother, I knew that he was gone.
My dad was a homicide cop in the gay neighborhood in the city when gay neighborhoods were desperate, depressing, sad places run by the mob. The only gay people he'd met when I came out to him were corpses.
But while mum and dad were incredibly caring, it was also a very chaotic household where everyone fought about everything. So I know what it's like to internalize all that chaos.
My dad was diagnosed with cancer, so we ended up burying him a year to the day that he was diagnosed.
My role model is my dad.
My dad liked to boil a squirrel head and suck the brains out the nose. Smaller than a chicken, bigger than a rat.
My mother told me Homer Ditto was not my father. Nope. Mom had had a fling with some other guy who was my dad. Some dude who didn't stick around too long who Mom was happy to get rid of. She chose Homer, and Homer chose me, so he lent me his name even though I didn't have his blood.
If my Dad doesn't like you, you will know. My Mom is just too innocent to ever lie. She doesn't even cuss.
My father was so good-natured and had such a happy disposition. I've always confused him with Jimmy Stewart. So, think Jimmy Stewart. That's my dad.
I am quite strict as a dad but I don't want to be censorious.
My dad's side of the family had lots of artists and musicians. There's an emotional, quite sentimental quality to Slavic culture. It's very open, it loves art, it loves music, it loves literature. It's very warm, it's very up, it's very down. I would celebrate that.
I say this as a young dad seeing children going into primary school: I don't think we should underestimate the formative effect on a child of those first years in primary school.
When I was really little I would sit in the back of my dad's car when he'd be playing old-school music. He'd turn down the music and turn around and I'd be singing and know all of the words but I didn't even know how to talk. From then on I've always wanted to be a singer.
I do love a bit of fashion. I grew up around a lot of it as my mum and dad had clothing stores so my mum was always designing a lot, and I definitely had that as an influence.
My dad is such a good man. You know how when you are a child you think your dad is invincible? Well, I still think that - he is so wise and everything I do I ask my dad's advice about first.
I feel like I've lived quite a sheltered life, like my mom and dad were quite protective of me.
My dad was just a big Joseph Campbell nut.
I bought a house for my mom, I bought a house for my dad, I bought a house for my sister.
I'm not an American, but I have this weird connection to America in different ways through my dad living here for five years, my godfather being an American who I'm very close to.
My dad was a baggage handler at Heathrow and careful with money. He worked hard and had three jobs when I was young. I wish I'd inherited his care for money. Sadly, I've grown up to be rather scatty when it comes to finances.
Before breaking into music, I had various jobs: forklift driver, driving a courier. But I was forced into working rather than doing it off my own bat because that was my dad's way: you got a job and paid your way.
I have one brother, John, an airline pilot, who is seven years younger. He's adopted, though we're still blood related - he's my cousin. My parents couldn't have any more children after me, so when Dad's brother died, they adopted John, then just a baby.
My dad is like a cactus - introverted and tough. I'm a people person, like my mom, but I got my competitiveness from my dad. He came to this country from Belarus with nothing and built a real business. He's my hero for giving me that need to run a business and for having enormous confidence in me.
I'm concerned a little bit with the culture of celebrating the fundraise. My dad taught me that when you borrow money it's the worst day of your life.
You have to respect your parents. They are giving you an at-bat. If you're an entrepreneur and go into the family business, you want to grow fast. Patience is important. But respect the other party... My dad and I pulled it off because we really respect each other.
People who build family businesses are not classically trained. They have to deal with an enormous amount of politics. You think corporate politics are tough? Go work for your dad or your mom.
My parents were kind of over protective people. Me and my sister had to play in the backyard all the time. They bought us bikes for Christmas but wouldn't let us ride in the street, we had to ride in the backyard. Another Christmas, my dad got me a basketball hoop and put it in the middle of the lawn! You can't dribble on grass.
My mom grew up in poverty in Oklahoma - like Dust Bowl, nine people in one room kind of place - and the way she got out of poverty was through education. My dad grew up without a dad, with very little and he also made his way out through education.
I am lucky to have had an attentive, curious and loving dad and heart-smart, down-to-earth, gifted mother. They changed the outlooks of their own lives and have never forgotten the people and organizations that helped them dream bigger than their circumstances should have allowed.
My dad and my uncles owned a bar outside of Cincinnati. I worked there growing up, mopping floors, waiting tables.
My hat was pulled down and this girl said 'Are you really him?' I whispered 'Yeah, I'm really him.' She screamed, 'Mom! Dad! It's Heath Ledger!
My dad works in child protection and he's spent many, many years in that line of work.
At one point my dad called me and said, 'You have always been a great salesman. I think it's time you come home and sell swimming pools.'
You know, my mother's beautiful, my dad was a really handsome man, and there was a lot of talk about looks when I was growing up.
I mean, my dad's a television producer, and I knew I could get a job as an assistant or a reader with one of his friends, but it wasn't exactly what I wanted to do.
My dad had this philosophy that if you tell children they're beautiful and wonderful then they believe it, and they will be. So I never thought I was unattractive. But I was never one of the girls at school who had lots of boyfriends.
It's a complex relationship when your dad happened to be president and you are president and then you have all the amateur psychology that goes on when people try to speculate about motivations.
My guess is my brother would call his mom and his dad pretty regularly, a lot more than I probably did.
I'm lucky because my dad taught me to be frugal and save. And that's important because I want to know that I don't have to take an acting job for two or three years if I don't want to and that I'll still be able to make my house and car payments and buy food for my dogs.
My mom and dad just loved the fact that I fooled around. They just embraced it. They'd always kind of enjoy it, and they liked it when I made them laugh.
Often as a child you see someone with a learning disability or Down's Syndrome and my mum and dad were always very quick to explain exactly what was going on and to be in their own way inclusive and welcoming.
When I started writing, I did have some idealised notion of my dad as a writer. But I have less and less of a literary rivalry with him as I've gone on. I certainly don't feel I need his approval, although maybe that's because I'm confident that I've got it.
I'd like to play Matt Damon's daddy. He's a wonderful actor, I really admire him, and I'd like to play his dad one day.
The one thing that kept our family together was the music. The only thing that our family would share emotionally was to have our dad cry over something the kids did with music.
I am the granddaughter of a Welsh coal miner who was determined that his kids get out of the mines. My dad got his first job when he was six years old, in a little village in Wales called Nantyffyllon, cleaning bottles at the Colliers Arms.
My dad read the Bible ten times, and I want to do it in my lifetime. But it's definitely tough getting through.
My Dad was from Liverpool, and he picked it up in the army. He'd often come out with this stuff.
My dad loved to laugh. He was very funny and very silly.
My dad sold encyclopedias and my mom worked in a factory office.
My mother always taught me, even my dad, just never let other people's opinions of you shape your opinion of yourself. And I never have and I never will.
I loved climbing because of the freedom, and having time and space. I remember coming off Everest for the last time, thinking of Dad and wishing that he could have seen what I saw. He would have loved it.
Becoming a dad means you have to be a role model for your son and be someone he can look up to.
I was lucky to have my dad in my life. As crazy as things got, I always had him to put his hand on my shoulder.
Within our culture, every school has a swimming pool. We lived on the coast. People swam in the surf. It's a very sporty nation and at that particular time anyone who had an artistic bent was very much an outsider. So if you liked reading or ideas or playing the piano then your dad viewed you as a sissy, basically.
My dad always taught me to never be satisfied, to want more and know that what is done is done.
So much of my aesthetic was formed by my dad.
My dad wanted to name me after Rainier Maria Rilke, the poet.
My dad was always such a frustrated artist. He always worked very hard to support his family, doing a bunch of ridiculous jobs. He wanted to be a painter, but then he also wrote science-fiction novels in his spare time.
The founder of the Mona Foundation actually knew my dad for years, and the more I learned about it, the more I realized I really found the perfect charity. It sponsors schools and educational initiatives all over the planet.
As a father now, I wouldn't do what my dad did, because it left me feeling emotionally unstable as a kid. But he didn't do the things he did out of selfishness or malice.
I know my dad is a big Internet freak, and he's been known to be a Wikileaker.
In a school where everyone is famous or rich or whatever, you have a culture, 'What does your dad do?' 'What does your mom do?'
I think 'Family Guy' and 'American Dad' have definitely staked out their own style and territory, and now the accusations are coming that 'The Simpsons' is taking jokes from 'Family Guy.' And I can tell you, that ain't the case.
I grew up in the world of bad television, on my dad's sets and then as a young schmuck on dating shows and so on.
My mum always told me I was precious, while my dad always told me I was worthless. I think that's a good grounding for a balanced life.
I used to have a silk dressing gown an uncle bought in Japan and when I came downstairs in it, my dad used to call me Davinia. There was never embarrassment about that kind of thing. My sister used to dress me up a lot. She thought I was a little doll.
I think it's easiest to teach by example. My dad didn't tell us to work hard we just saw how hard he worked. I know I have shortcomings - like a short fuse - but I've learned you can't come home from a long day of work and snap at the kids.
I had lost relationships with my dad, my brother and sister and I was just like, you know what, this is definitely the time to just get it together and so that's what I did.
You know, I'm just - I'm really happy for my dad.
I had the opportunity to go to law school, and my dad, who was an accountant, couldn't believe I wanted to walk away from that and start cooking.
Now that I'm a dad, I'm practicing what I call 'one- handed cooking,' because I've got something more important in my other arm. I'm whipping up lots of frittatas and omelets.
My sisters have been baptized and my dad is a deacon at his church now. Sadly my mother passed away but what I can say is that the Jehovah Witnesses took very good care of her up until she died.
My dad worked two jobs and moved us to the suburbs, and just being a black person, I went through a lot of racism and being called names and being bullied every single day. And it was hard. I didn't have any friends.
I listened to the radio, so I was influenced by everyone from Michael Jackson to Milli Vanilli. But thankfully my dad had a collection of Cat Stevens albums while my mom was listening to jazz.
My dad has sometimes felt that I grew up a little lacking in sufficient eccentricity - in the sense that I'm willing to live as an adult in a house with walls that are parallel to each other, that sort of thing.
I was into all kinds of music as a teen - country music, because my dad was in a band that played country, and whatever my sister and brother were into.
My dad was a huge country music fan, but he also had a band and he sang. So he'd listen to a lot of music and the songs that he'd learn for the band were more from the male artists. So my earliest country memories were Waylon Jennings, Conway Twitty, George Jones, Johnny Paycheck even.
I never saw my dad cry. My son saw me cry. My dad never told me he loved me, and consequently I told Scott I loved him every other minute. The point is, I'll make less mistakes than my dad, my sons hopefully will make less mistakes than me, and their sons will make less mistakes than their dads.
Me and my dad are friends. We're cool. I'll never be disappointed again, because I don't expect anything anymore from him. I just let him exist, and that's how we get along.
My dad's family were pretty working class, actually.
My dad tells me that he took us to a pantomime when I was very, very small - panto being a sort of English phenomenon. There's traditionally a part of the show where they'll invite kids up on the stage to interact with the show. I was too young to remember this, but my dad says that I was running up onstage before they even asked us.
My dad liked a lot of Motown, but I didn't listen to it until my teenage years.
I love my mom and dad.
The only time I ever look good dancing is if I'm next to my dad at a wedding.
Mental illness can happen to anybody. You can be a dustman, a politician, a Tesco worker... anyone. It could be your dad, your brother or your aunt.
There's a lot of research behind the scenes that you don't get to see, but I have an instinct that my dad nurtured from when I was born. I was very lucky then.
I didn't have any role models really. My best friend was a dog. My mum and dad saved a dog from the gutter and that dog was my brother before Jesse was born. Sami was his name and he was my role model.
My dad used to draw these great cartoon figures. His dream was being a cartoonist, but he never achieved it, and it kind of broke my heart. I think part of my interest in art had to do with his yearning for something he could never have.
My grandfather had two boys, my uncle had three boys, my dad had me and my two brothers, each of my brothers have had two boys. Then something happened with the chromosomal experiment and suddenly I've got three girls.
A company that pays attention to the family unit is a successful company. We don't isolate the family. We don't make rides that say, 'Hey mom, dad, you go sit on the bench.'
My dad was rubbish at all other aspects of his financial life, but he's pretty good at paying the rent.
I've always taken my love of children from my father. He was a children magnet. Suddenly, having my first child hit home what my dad went through.
My memories are of my dad taking me to football on Saturday mornings, and my mum taking me swimming. Those are the things I remember from my childhood, not sitting around the table debating capitalism and the profit squeeze.
My dad was a ham, too. He could sell those women anything. Of all his sons, I was the only one he could trust to sell as well as he could. I was proud of that.
Politicians... talk in generalities and lies, and I think they've caused all our grief. They're so awful, they're really funny. I hate thinking this because my dad loved politics.
My mom's a social worker, and my dad works in non-profit organisations.
I've just got crap hair. Although I inherited a lot of stuff from my dad, including giant knees, I didn't get his good, thick hair. I got my mother's thin, wispy, non-event hair instead.
I was into the Mets because my Dad worked at IBM where he got free Mets tickets, so I was into the Mets... then I got to 'Saturday Night Live' where my boss has unbelievable N.Y. Yankees tickets, so he invites us to the games. I'm going to all the games, so I might as well root for the team I'm gonna go sit with.
I always wanted to be a stay-at-home dad making art, making movies.
In high school I dated a white woman. She would come to visit me on the rez. And her dad, who was very racist, didn't like that at all. And he told her one time, 'You shouldn't go on the rez if you're white because Indians have a lot of anger in their heart.'
When I was a kid, my step dad started this business and would go out and get lost cows and stuff. He was part-time truck driver, farmer and cowboy. He taught me how to ride from an early age.
My dad says he likes to bask in my glow.
I grew up with baseball I played in Little League and went to games with my dad. But I, as I grew up, became more of a basketball fanatic than a baseball one.
I love being a dad, it keeps me fit and inspired and children are so funny. They always supply you with acting material!
My first outdoor cooking memories are full of erratic British summers, Dad swearing at a barbecue that he couldn't put together, and eventually eating charred sausages, feeling brilliant.
I want any excuse to come home. My dad is not a spring chicken any more. If anyone says, 'Go buy a postage stamp in London,' I'll go and do it.
We all have experiences in our lives that change us, and we all learn from people, like my dad, but at the end of the day, it's only us. And we're only responsible to make ourselves happy.
My dad was an editor and a writer, and that's actually what I aspired to be.
Baseball is the president tossing out the first ball of the season. And a scrubby schoolboy playing catch with his dad on a Mississippi farm.
I have great faith that Heaven's there and I'll see my brothers and my mom and dad when I get there.
If a dad does his job, we don't need prisons, we don't need jails. That's what I saw growing up.
I've become a less brave traveller since I became a dad, but in the past I was more foolhardy than brave.
My dad was working abroad, in Iraq, and he was a doctor. We used to go and visit him, in Baghdad, off and on. For the first ten years of my life, we used to go backwards and forwards to Baghdad, so that was quite amazing. I spent a lot of time traveling around the Middle East.
My mom and dad got divorced when I was very young, and growing up in a family where the head of the household wasn't a man made a big difference.
I was always the new kid in school, I'm the kid from a broken family, I'm the kid who had no dad showing up at the father-son stuff, I'm the kid that was using food stamps at the grocery store.
My dad had a personal style which was very attractive. It was quite reserved and quite elegant, and it was infectious.
Every kid needs to say, 'I want what my mom and dad have.'
In my case, I was born to parents who were very young, and I don't think they were entirely ready to have a child. My dad was going to college and working two or three jobs at the same time, and my mum was working and going to school.
My senior year of high school, when I was getting recruited for college, my dad goes to me, 'You can become an Olympic champion.' And that's the first time that I'd heard someone else say that to me. I was like, 'Uh, are you talking to me?'
The worst advice I ever received from my dad was to play by the book.
But you know, my dad called me the laziest white kid he ever met. When I screamed back at him that he was putting down a race of people to call me lazy, his answer was that's not what he was doing, and that I was also the dumbest white kid he ever met.
Dad sometimes patted me on the knee and called me his Little Schmuck.
I had never said, 'dad, I love you.'
My dad dragged me to a Bruce Springsteen concert as a kid. It was my first concert, but I fell asleep in the middle. My second concert was Weezer on the 'Pinkerton' tour, and 'Pinkerton' is the reason why I'm doing this.
I came from somewhat of a musical family. I had an uncle on Broadway. My dad kind of knows how to play instruments. Although, I always find it annoying when he does play an instrument.
I grew up in a predominantly Caucasian neighborhood, but my mom is Filipino-Spanish and my dad is Irish.
The moment my doctor told me, I went silent. My mum and dad were with me, then we all went to pieces. I was saying, No, I've got my flight to Sydney in two hours. I'm getting on a plane.
I grew up in Texas, and people love their American-made muscle cars there. I grew up around people who loved cars and took care of cars and my dad's a big car nut, so I learned a little bit about cars - how to love them, most importantly. I think that from the time I could remember, I've always envisioned myself in a vintage muscle car.
When I used to do musical theatre, my dad refused to come backstage. He never wanted to see the props up close or the sets up close. He didn't want to see the magic.
My mother's a psychologist, my stepfather's a psychologist, my stepmother is a therapist and my dad's a lawyer. So it was all prominent in my life. I don't know anyone who doesn't know someone on some form of prescription medicine.
As a kid who wasn't into sports, at school I felt almost alienated at times, whereas in the theatre community there was this amazing sense of camaraderie. Early on, we would go to rehearsals with my dad and I was like the mascot for the backstage crew. That was a big part of my childhood, so I dreamed of one day doing a play in London.
It was tough at the time but when I was younger, my Dad. I would say my Dad, because without him I wouldn't have been here. I mean it was tough for me because he was really demanding. With him, it was never enough, you know, anything I did was never enough.
My dad said, 'The thing that I was told that was really helpful was that I mustn't be afraid of the things I was afraid of when I was five years old'. The shock of his childhood had put him in this defensive crouch against the world, and he needed to know that he had a nice wife and kids and it wasn't the same any more.
When I was growing up my mother would say, 'Your dad may have to learn about being a father because he lost his own and that would have affected him'.
I feel connected to the Second World War because my father lost his father in that war. So, through my dad and the effect it had on him of losing his father young, I always felt connected to the war. It goes back years, but it still feels to me as if we're completely living in it.
One thing my dad always told me, was he would make sure I always had what he didn't have. He couldn't play basketball because he didn't have tennis shoes - so I had five pairs of tennis shoes.
You always give credit where credit is due - to high school coaches, college coaches - but my dad, the foundation that he built with me, is where all of this came from. The speed, the determination, the mindset, just the natural belief that you can do anything you put your mind to, it all comes from my dad.
I don't know much about only children. I was the middle one of three, and if ever I was alone with mum and dad, it was a rare moment.
I think in my case, I had no choice but to have a good sense of humor. I grew up with my dad, Danny Thomas, and George Burns and Bob Hope and Milton Berle and Sid Caesar and all those guys were at our house all the time and telling jokes and making each other laugh.
Dad taught us about morals, values and goals. Having a tight-knit family was important to him.
I wanted to perform well for my mom and dad, because in high school, I didn't have a job. My brothers, they worked at Pizza Hut or places like that, but sports, that was my way of giving back.
The only ones I trust really are my Mum and Dad and those who are closest to me.
My dad said if you become a tennis professional just make sure you get into the top hundred, because you have to make a little bit of money. You make a living so you can pay your coaching and, you know, your travels.
Money stress is what used to remind me of my Dad most.
My dad's not here, but he's watching in heaven.
My dad was a diplomat and after living in America, where I was born, he was posted to Cairo.
My dad was depressed a lot of the time, and there were a lot of things in his life that he never resolved.
I'd love to be a dad. I hope I'd be great at it. That's every man's fear, yet his most important job.
My parents divorced when I was young but I was brought up in two really loving households. I didn't have a contentious relationship with my mom or dad.
I come from an ordinary family - my dad is a carpenter, a roof-maker - and we've always loved racing together.
When dad told me Mr Steptoe had passed away, I broke down.
Both my mum and dad were great readers, and we would go every Saturday morning to the library, and my sister and I had a library card when we could pass off something as a signature, and all of us would come with an armful of books.
I knew I was going to be a journalist when I was eight years old and I saw the printing presses rolling at the Sydney newspaper where my dad worked as a proofreader.
My dad's a scratch golfer and I've got the knack of seeing something and then replicating it. I saw my dad swing a club and I worked out how to do the same thing. My backswing and follow-through have been basically the same since I was two.
My mom and dad worked very hard to give me the best chance in - not just in golf but in life. You know, I was an only child, you know, my dad worked three jobs at one stage. My mom worked night shifts in a factory.
I wanted to make a point of basing myself at home, being close to my family. I'll never be able to repay Mum and Dad for what they did, but at least they know they'll never have to work another day. I'll do whatever it takes to look after them.
Dad and mom would have preferred that I be a doctor, a lawyer, a scientist, or a great humanitarian.
My dad and I played music. He teaches me a song or two every time I'm home.
Although my dad was a doctor, we weren't necessarily a super-artsy family. We were just a classic, traditional family who got to take a lot of piano lessons and became a bunch of musicians.
I'm the fun dad, I am also the disciplinarian.
You know my dad pushed me to believe that I was going to be the best. I just never thought of life without tennis, even looking forward.
My dad was this sort of avant-garde guy who did all kinds of weird things. He was a true original and anybody who met him never forgot him.
I'm into being a dad, that's where my focus is most of the time. I'm an actor that's my job, but it's not my life. I have a lot of other interests too.
We busted a lot of family secrets with this. But to make a long story short, my parents relationship was built heavily on security issues for my Mom, and when my Dad couldn't provide security, the relationship unraveled.
My dad calls me 'Mac' a lot, from 'Mike Tyson's Punch Out' - Little Mac is the main character. I was obsessed. I can still beat Mike Tyson on 'Punch Out.'
I don't think I've had a holiday in my entire life that wasn't about my dad's work.
I want to stay healthy, keep fit, eat well, keep a low profile and be a good dad.
My dad's gay experiences really had a very positive influence on me and my straight relationships - how to better accept all the weirdness and ambiguity and ups and downs and paradoxes. I knew from the beginning I was writing about love.
I think my dad is the only Arabic descendent who is an unsuccessful businessman.
When my father died in my arms it had such a profound affect on me that at that very moment when my dad passed I realized that I needed to face my own fears.
When I was a boy, I used to pull a big cross saw with my dad. He'd use his right hand, so I'd have to use my left.
I've got a really great family round me, two sisters and an older brother and my mum and dad. Everybody's equal.
My mum was raised Jewish, my dad is very scientifically minded, and my school was vaguely Christian. We sang hymns in school. I liked the hymns bit, but apart from that, I can take it or leave it. So I had lots of different influences when I was younger.
My dad is a doctor, a professor of psychiatry, and my mum is a psychotherapist.
I often talk with other actors about that time when you've just finished a job, because I think you do take on the characteristics of some of the characters you play. Sometimes it can be a great thing and sometimes it's a bit haunting because you're not quite sure how to leave it on set. My dad talks about it as being 'de-personalised.'
If anybody had a reason to become a delinquent, to become a criminal, to be angry at the man, to be angry at the white man, to be angry at America, it's my dad, but he did not feel that way at all.
More and more couples are having this negotiation or discussion, but I'm still amazed at the number who aren't and where the cultural norm sort of kicks in and they just assume that mom's got to be the one who stays home, not dad.
My parents moved to American Samoa when I was three or four years old. My dad was principal of a high school there. It was idyllic for a kid. I had a whole island for a backyard. I lived there until I was eight years old and we moved to Santa Barbara.
Parents don't understand kids and kids don't understand parents. My parents were divorced when I was really young and I went to live with my dad.
My grandfather was a lawyer, my dad was a lawyer, my mum was a lawyer, I got an uncle who's a lawyer, I got cousins that are lawyers.
I pop gum. My parents get so annoyed with me. I know my dad wishes he never taught me how to do that.
I'm the most inappropriate dad. I curse in front of my kids and their friends. I let my kids watch R-rated movies. I'll walk by the movie theater and say, 'Let's go see that,' and my kids will say, 'No, it's rated R. It's not appropriate for kids.' I'm like Uncle Dad. We have fun. I don't live with them, but I drive over four days a week.
I think I had kind of an advantage. When I was growing up, my dad had just got out of jail and he had a great record collection. He had - it was all - these were the songs. So I heard a lot of these songs, like, my whole life, so for me it was easy. I already knew what I was going to sing.
My mom and dad played this music all the time when I was growing up, so to me songs by Jerry Lee and Fats Domino are the classics, they're the best songs ever.
I can definitely tell when mum has got money because then she likes to go shopping to spend it, whereas dad is steadier and avoids splurges. I like to think I've inherited both sides.
My dad has been a big influence on me, because he's always had his own business. He really taught me business sense and how to be a focused individual, but also how to have fun and make everyone around you have fun.
I love to cook. My dad's a really excellent cook and his style is: Look in the fridge and make whatever there is with whatever ingredients you have and I like cooking like that, too.
I could not tell you the date of my mother's death. I could not tell you the date of my dad's death. These are not dates that I find significant.
My Dad hated his job. He sold overcoats, but he wanted to make movies. He had a failed career working with the Ritz Brothers - they were like the Marx Brothers, only a tier below. I always had a picture in my mind of him in a straw hat.
People who have not done their research on me do not know that I am European, born in Copenhagen, Denmark to an Italian father from Napoli and a mother from Alabama who was singing opera and went to Europe, met my dad, fell in love, and then moved back to Rome, where I was raised, between Rome and Hamburg.
I have always had the feeling I could do anything and my dad told me I could. I was in college before I found out he might be wrong.
It's not like he called me up and asked me. They've never wanted to throw us into that world, and I think our decision probably shocked them. But I love my dad, and I think I'd regret it if I didn't do this.
My dad saw my husband's boss at a conference, and he said to stop paying my husband until we produce children.
I'm more like my father, personality-wise. But my mom and I get alone really well - obviously, because my mom and my dad get along so well.
I'm sure there were times when I wish I had thought, 'Gosh, that might really embarrass mom and dad,' but our parents didn't raise us to think about them. They're very selfless and they wanted us to have as normal of a college life as possible. So really, we didn't think of any repercussions.
In the 'Garnethill' trilogy, people always forget that Maureen O'Donnell's dad was a journalist and she did art history at uni and her brother did law, but no-one ever thinks they're middle-class - they're just working class because they speak with accents.
There's been times when I've had heartbreaking moments and I'm like, 'I can't believe you said that,' or 'I can't believe you did that'. And it hurts, it still hurts, and it'll always hurt, but I've never had somebody that I truly cared about just walk out on me, whether it was a boyfriend, or an aunt, mom or dad.
My parents were involved in everything I did. They were showbiz people themselves. My dad was an actor. They were parents they did what parents are supposed to do.
I remember my dad working with me on breaking down my script and writing out a back story for my character and all that stuff.
I grew up in a small town in Illinois, and my dad was a basketball coach. Thanks to him, I have excellent fundamentals in both basketball and baseball.
That is where the irony of the film comes off, in terms of the language it employs - where he tries desperately to be a 'TV Dad,' to give advice and it's so pat it becomes ridiculous.
My dad is a bank president and my mom was an accountant and they didn't think that seeking the life of a freelance writer was very practical, you see. Of course, I was just as determined to do it.
I'm going to take care of the man I'm with. I grew up in a household where my mum takes care of my dad - she cooks, she does everything - and that's the kind of girl I am.
My dad came out of the Roosevelt era and the Depression. One person and one party made a difference in his life. That's what everybody forgot when they called my father and other people political bosses.
I have found having my dad as my North Star has worked well for me.
My mom's been married three times my dad has been married a lot. I didn't really see my dad that much.
I think I'm extremely vulnerable and that in some ways I seek out rejection. Never feeling like you're getting that pat on the back from dad is probably at the heart of that.
My dad is a very quick-witted, sarcastic, dry, humorous guy, whereas my mom's very silly, and that side of the family is very musical.
My dad, of course, like a lot of Asian parents, wanted me to be an engineer or doctor and never could understand why I would want to be a lawyer. And then, when I first said I wanted to run for office, he thought that was absolutely insane.
I know exactly where I've come from, I know exactly who my mum and dad are.
My dad used to flush my mother's head down the toilet. I was so screwed up.
My dad's passion was to teach adults to read so they could read to their kids.
My dad knows how to tell a story. He'd make me laugh by doing all the different voices.
My dad came from Cuba when he was a teenager not speaking English. And I grew up here speaking Spanglish. That's the world in which I grew up, and that's a world in which a lot of second generation immigrants find themselves.
A large part of my life revolves around my dad. Sometimes, I even feel a strong sense of connection, something very tangible when I learn something new in the martial arts.
My dad, Donald, was a vet and had a practice in Yorkshire. Cats and dogs were his bread and butter, but his greatest love was large animals.
Like my dad, I have a Christmas party most years. I like to celebrate and see as many people as possible.
My dad doesn't get any of my jokes. He laughs at them, but he doesn't understand them. He's just laughing because people around him are laughing.
I'm trying to have my own thing, and I don't know if it's even possible. I didn't realize so many people actually think I'm trying to be like my dad. I read comments like 'She's no Elvis.' I'm not trying to be. I never set out to be.
My mum and dad had worked incredibly hard to afford me an education.
One day my dad would say, 'OK, if you want to play tennis I can help you out.' And that's how it started. And I had a goal. I wanted to beat my mom first. And my parents and my brother. And that was the ultimate goal.
My dad has always been my coach. And I've spent so much time with him. So he's one of my best friends. And I can talk to him about everything.
Our last jam session was this past Christmas. Dad played his harmonica, mom sang in English and Italian, and I played guitar. I'm so happy that we could share that musical experience for one last time.
My dad's sense of humor was direct and sometimes surreal - his quick wit is well known amongst our family and friends. He raised me on Spike Jones records and W.C. Fields movies, and his sense of humor fell somewhere in between.
Jenna's traveled with me they've both traveled with their dad. This is the only time they've been old enough in all of their dad's campaigns to really be involved in.
My dad remembers being in school with my uncle, and the teacher would say outright to the class that the Japanese were second-class citizens and shouldn't be trusted.
Listen, everything I did in my childhood was competitive. Everything we did my dad made it into a game to win. We used to drive my mum nuts.
The satisfaction you get when you finally beat your dad is amazing, that rush of adrenaline.
I think he would have been proud and smiling... when we laid him to rest because his family was together. I think that was a great gift to be able to give Dad at the end.
You know my father as governor, as president, but I knew him as dad. I was so proud to have the Reagan name and to be Ronald Reagan's son.
I remember once, we got an interview, and he said, 'Dad, these people are writing about me like I'm an adult. Don't they know I'm a kid?' I have never tried to encourage him to get a music image like other musicians have.
I didn't always want to be a dad.
My dad used to love Steely Dan, the Stones, Jethro Tull and all that. There was always Steely Dan going in my dad's car, but I remember The Royal Scam in particular because it has 'Kid Charlemagne' on it.
Growing up, I didn't give my grandfather's photography a second thought. I wasn't involved in his work, except that I helped my dad print his negatives.
I didn't want to travel. I didn't want to leave my family. I heard all these stories from Dad about not having Edward around when he was young, and I didn't want that to happen.
My dad took me to all the best rock and punk shows when I was growing up and music has always been a part of my life. So I'm very interested in the music scene and I suppose that's why I've ended up going out with musicians. Dave Pirner is still one of my best friends.
My parents are very hard working people who did everything they could for their children. I have two brothers and they worked dog hard to give us an education and provide us with the most comfortable life possible. My dad provided for his family daily. So, yes, that is definitely in my DNA.
When my dad needed a shirt ironed, he would yell downstairs to my mother, who would drop everything and iron his shirt.
My dad was kind of a pool shark and had a Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin thing going on. I've always been fascinated by the fifties because of him. There was a hip, cool, anything-goes atmosphere back then, but looking good was still a priority.
My dad had emphysema and both of my parents had chronic bronchitis and ended up with cancers - all smoking related.
Dad made it to Gold Shield Detective, so he always busted Robin, my oldest brother, and me. Always got caught, whatever we were doing.
I am blessed to have Mom and Dad.
My dad told us up front, 'Guys, if you want to play sports, go ahead, but it's your decision.'
As a dad I'm emotionally dedicated but I'm not 'figuring out their life plans'. But of course as I'm telling them about the rights of wrongs I'm thinking back to what I was like at their age.
I had my heart set on becoming an English teacher, but stumbled into acting after meeting a theatrical agent in my dad's restaurant in San Diego.
The Rat Pack was the piece that really kicked me out of that little funk that I was in and then Ted called me up and asked me if I wanted to be the dad in Blow.
Dad was just an emotional wreck. He was drinking a lot of the time, he was smoking a lot of pot. And because he takes certain medications, the drinking was making him... you know, he wasn't even present, really.
And then before going back for my sophomore year, I decided to change my major to arts and sciences, and my dad cut a deal with me: He said if I'd quit school he'd pay my rent for the next three years, as if I were in school.
Dad worked in a warehouse when I was little and I didn't see him for three years as he was doing all the overtime God gave him to buy me new ballet shoes, or a new tutu.
My dad loved black singers. So listening to New Orleans music, eventually I wanted to play an instrument.
Dad was a very gentle, sweet man.
I had to learn how to chop wood actually - I don't think my dad would have let me go chop wood in the backyard growing up.
It is because my dad died suddenly that I became an actor. I thought, I'm going to make money doing this thing I enjoy.
Growing up, I saw my dad do charity work for children with health issues. That had a profound effect on me.
I'm looking out for myself, but I'm looking out for my dad, too.
My dad knows the business, and he tells me I've got to do what's best for me.
Although my dad Harry is the manager of West Ham, we get on very well.
My dad was a golden gloves boxer in the Marine Corps, then a deputy sheriff. My mom worked as an office assistant.
Comedy was why I got into acting the first place. Peter Sellers was a huge influence on my wanting to act. I grew up with him and found him hysterical. The Pink Panther films were an inspiration, from my earliest childhood days, when I was watching them with my brother and my dad.
I remember once giving my dad some drawings and writings and said, 'If you could just give these to the publisher, that would be great.' And I was about five!
My dad was an engineer, and he became the CEO of Chevron. His was an engineer's mind-set: Everything's kind of a problem how do you approach the problem?
My dad was a carpenter and I would work with him during the summer and umpire on the nights I wasn't playing.
I couldn't be a cameraman or a designer or an actor - I have to be a director because I learned how to do that from my dad.
My mom and dad met at UCLA when he as a captain in the Air Force and she was in her junior year.
My dad instilled in me a great sense of humor. I wasn't bullied at school because my outward attitude was confident, and that helps.
As a father, I do everything my dad didn't do. My son Beau's birth changed my life.
I came up poor. My mother only had a fourth-grade education. My dad didn't have any education at all. But they were very structured. They worked hard. You know, they didn't complain. They didn't murmur. And they believe in the Christ.
Well, for one thing, you know my dad was a cop.
My dad used to say to me, 'You look more like me than I do.'
I did rebel. I was the rebel in my family, because my dad wanted me to go and just travel with him.
The music I want to hear in my head sounds somewhere between Jimi Hendrix and Massive Attack. It's not really like my dad, but there will always be similarities because we have the same vocal cords, and I learnt the guitar the way he taught me.
I don't really plan to be a pop star I just want to be able to make music without the whole My Dad thing hanging over me, which everyone in my position goes through.
You can' t help being a musician because you've grown up with music, yet being one means being compared to your dad and being slated for it. But I really don't have the ambitions of most people going into the industry.
My dad was a sports writer when I was younger and then he became just a general columnist. But I grew up with him literally getting into brawls with football coaches.
My dad was a musician and I traveled around with him, so it was something that I knew.
As a brother and sister, our tastes were pretty different growing up. He liked a lot of early hip hop. My dad didn't understand it and would try to talk him out of it.
My dad was quiet, angry, shut down. So my thing is: I express everything that's there. I want to get it all out.
I owe a lot to my dad, just for having provided the wrestling business for us to get into.
There was a bit of a comparison that Bret was making between Vince McMahon and my dad. He looked up to Vince as a dad and stuff, and it was a shame to see the whole thing end the way it did.
My dad was a big believer in treating people well, oftentimes even when he himself wasn't well.
And what is a stage dad, or a stage mom? It's someone who's protective. That's all.
My dad's half-Lebanese, my mom is full Lebanese. I'm three-quarters Lebanese. Irish-Lebanese.
My dad always told me that the best way to get somebody to get at you is to talk bad about them to somebody else.
My dad always told me that anyone's voice is just another instrument added to the music.
David and Dad didn't get along too well growing up. I mean we all got along, but it was harder on David, because David wasn't going to be the son that Dad wanted. But now they're like best friends.
Mom and Dad would stay in bed on Sunday morning, but the kids would have to go to church.
I wanted my children to have the same exposure to the water I had. My strongest memories of Northeast Harbor are going in a small Whaler with my dad, looking for osprey.
My dad was a musician, it was just what he did, like another guy's dad drives a meat truck. Our house was normal. We weren't taken with the fact our dad was a musician.
My dad grew up in a working-class Jewish neighbourhood, and I got a scholarship from my dad's union to go to college. I went there to get an education, not as an extension of privilege.
My dad was a musician. He was a singer and he played the guitar, so music was always around.
I've always wanted to be a dad.
My first memory of the Rolling Stones is listening to 'Satisfaction' at a sixth-grade slumber party at a friend's house in Ankara, Turkey, where my family was living at the time. In the middle of our sleepover, my friend's dad stopped the record when he heard the words 'girlie action!'
My dad used to say, 'You have to become part of the machine to beat the machine,' and there's some validity in it. But honestly, even when I'm inside the machine, you still see me. I stick out a little bit.
Your kids can say some cruel things to you at times. For example, Nicole, Miles and Sofie are standing there in the room and I'm dressed to kill in my own mind. They'll say to me, 'Dad, you're not going out there looking like that are you?' If that doesn't kill a star, I don't know what does!
I am an obsessive garage cleaner - my wife and the neighbors make fun of me. I remember that my father was the same way, and now when I'm out there unearthing things in the garage, I realize I am becoming my dad!
Keep in my mind my dad didn't become a huge, huge mega actor until I was halfway through high school - so right around the time he's going through his big renaissance is right when I'm starting to do my high school revolting.
My dad has always been extremely supportive in every decision I've made and much more interested in me picking what I wanted to do.
I knew that I needed to do something that I desperately loved. There was a period where I did question if it was acting because I knew that I would be making things hard on myself. I knew that there was going to be a little bit of a hullabaloo because of my dad being who he is and all that.
When I was younger it was - you know, my dad dressed up in drag on 'Bosom Buddies.' And that was what I was having to deal with at the time. And then around the time that I was into college was when he became statue-worthy I guess you could say.
This is like my dad's race team where we had one Legend car. If we wrecked it, we couldn't race the next week unless we had enough parts to put it back together again.
Before, I guess, mum and dad were everything, but now, in my case, I had two new girls and all of a sudden they're completely dependent on you and there's a third generation. It's a funny shift all of a sudden. You have the babies, you have yourself and then you have your parents.
I was just a kid and I didn't have a dad. That's hard, because when you're a kid, you blame yourself for everything. And I blamed myself for him not being around, for my parents not being together.
You can tell your uncle stuff that you could not tell your dad. That is kind of the role of an uncle. I feel very much like a father sometimes but sometimes I feel like a teammate.
Whenever I'm in theatre situations I will go out of my way not to talk about my father, but in the film world I can be really proud of my family and say, 'You know what: my dad's a really, really famous theatre director,' because nobody has any idea.
My dad was great. He was very droll, very dry.
A lot of times I would go into a room and audition for whatever sitcom it was and they would expect me to do sort of what my dad was doing and I am not him so they would be disappointed and I would feel nervous and not know exactly how to do it.
Even if I tried to be my dad, it would be a mediocre, slightly embarrassing version.
I knew I really made it when my dad saw me in London and after the performance he had no notes to me and just said 'You are doing your own thing and I am proud of you.'
And my dad wanted me to play the trumpet because that's what he liked. His idol was Louis Armstrong. My dad thought my teeth came together in a way that was perfect for playing the trumpet.
Now, guitar was pretty cool. Everybody knew something on the guitar. So I wanted to play guitar, but I told my dad if he wanted me to keep studying something, I'd like to study piano.
I grew up in Greenwich Village. Dad was friends with John Lennon and Yoko Ono.
I think there's nothing better than laughing in life, so that's nice, to be thought of as someone who can make someone laugh. It's 'cause I think life is hard. You know, my dad was a really silly man. A great Irish silly man. And that's fine.
I'm a dad and that's pretty important.
My dad was a football player - a soccer player - for Manchester United, and I loved playing football, but I also happened to be the guy in class who was pretty good at sight reading. My teacher gave me scripts, and I was very comfortable.
Well, Steve Vai joined my dad's band right around the time when I actually started playing guitar. So he gave me a couple of lessons on fundamentals, and gave me some scales and practice things to work on. But I pretty much learned everything by ear.
And, you know, my dad would show me some things sometimes, but the best things that I got to do were to actually see really good players play up close. That gives you an idea of fingering and technique and what not.
I liked a lot of the things other people liked - Jimi Hendrix, The Beatles, Van Halen, AC/DC - but if I compared it to my dad's music, there just seemed to be elements missing.
My dad taught me to be a leader or a follower, and he said follower ain't fun. So I want to be the leader of Bubba Watson.
I had just lost my dad and I remembered all the songs we used to go and hear at concerts, and the records around the house and sometimes we'd play together.
The real beauty of it - key to my life was playing key chords on a banjo. For somebody else it may be a golf club that mom and dad put in their hands or a baseball or ballet lessons. Real gift to give to me and put it in writing.
I'm being a dad and a good husband.
I'm worried because of my mother, she's going to see my performance and she's quite hard. She's going to see me naked. And my Dad, woah. Yeah, they're going to see me like a woman, you know?
My dad didn't want me to play guitar. He played piano, so I chose that. And I ended up loving it.
Growing up, my father was a financial analyst for an oil company. He was just a regular dad. And when I would say, 'Hey, come see my play,' he'd say, 'Sure.' He'd see one, 'Oh, good play' - you know, very typical dad reaction.
I was a sickly baby, and after two sets of adoptive parents took me home, they returned me to the orphanage because of a serious respiratory infection. But as they say, the third time's a charm, because my mom and dad adopted me and took me into their home where I was raised in a family full of love.
Right now, it hasn't affected my music other than the fact that I don't have time to write any of it. That's no different from when I first started and I lived at home. I would play the guitar in the afternoon and then my mom or my dad would come home and I'd have to quit.
The best thing about being a dad? Well, I think it's just the thing that every man wants - to have a son and heir.
I've always wanted to be a dad. I just can't wait to have a little rug rat running around. I used to want five or six kids, but maybe I've become too self-absorbed over the years. I think two would be perfect.
I lost my dad way too early and it was agonisingly awful. I missed him so much and I hated knowing that I could never again pick up the phone to tell him about my day.
My dad worked several jobs to pay for my expense in skating.
I was who I was in high school in accordance with the rules of conduct for a normal person, like obeying your mom and dad. Then I got out of high school and moved out of the house, and I just started, for lack of a better term, running free.
My kids love it. I thought I was the coolest dad in the world when I got to be in a Bond film, but 'Harry Potter', too? Well, I think I qualify for a medal for exceptional parenting or something, don't you?
My parents were both actors my dad sort of quite early on. My mother acted for a while, and now she's a painter.
I'm an artist, and I go in the studio and make my music. And then I'll give it to my dad and he does what he does. And he does, you know, the press, and figuring out shows and whatnot. When it comes to my artistic freedom, he doesn't, like, step on my toes or anything.
A lot of young filmmakers bring their movies to my dad because he always gives lots of good editing ideas and notes. He'd be a good film professor.
Mom was the one who taught me unconditional love. With Dad, I'd always felt there was something to live up to - expectations. But in the last year, we had a wonderful relationship.
I didn't want to have braces when I was a kid and I'm pretty sure my dad didn't want to pay for them.
Life is different than it was in the Nineties. I'm a dad, and there are other things I have to get done in an afternoon than just being an artist.
So I was always around music and my dad was in his own way a progressive jazzer, a big band jazzer guy.
My dad farmed, my granddad was a farmer. I wanted to be a farmer.
When my dad died a lot of songs came, and they're still coming.
I'm afraid that this is me getting on my high horse now but we have yob television, yob newspapers, and funny enough whereas it was my mum and dad, school, police, church who used to set the standards, now it's tabloids and yob television who set the standards by which people live.
That's what my Dad always told me, on the ballot, they should always have a third choice, like none of the above, then if enough people picked that, they'd have to get new candidates.
I always had a standard of, back when I was doing the country music I always told people I would never record a song that I wouldn't sit down and sing in front of my mom and dad.
I deal with my sons like young men. If they have a problem with something, they come to me. I am the type of dad that will drop everything I am doing for them, and always tell them to talk to me about it.
I think when I was a kid, and I was in England and it was all about The Stones, The Who, The Kinks and The Beatles and that's what my dad was into.
My dad is a huge rock and roll lead guitar fan. I didn't even really know that until recently. Everything has to have a guitar solo in it.
My dad is a huge rock n' roll lead guitar fan.
I was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, the youngest of four girls, including my oldest sister, Lisa, who has special needs. My mom was a special education teacher, and my dad worked on the Army base. We weren't wealthy, but we were determined to succeed.
I'm Bam Margera. And I feel like kicking my dad's butt all day today.
Dad went to Canada to learn how to fly with the Royal Canadian Air Force. He took me on my first airplane ride, where I could have a hand on the stick.
The last thing I want my child to see is Dad running around in the middle of the pack. That would really upset me. And that would upset him. I would be embarrassed to take him to school with kids saying, 'Hey, how'd your dad do this weekend?' 'Well, he finished fifth or sixth'.
I had the best of both worlds when I was a kid. I'd spend a quiet week with my mum, then I'd go to my dad's property in the Adelaide Hills, where there were all these kids and animals running around.
My dad would always say, 'What can you do to make the world a better place?' Well, I can make people laugh.
Tiffany is very proud to have the last name and she's proud of her dad.
As much as I transferred my mother to Elizabeth Shore of The Black Dahlia, as much as her dad mutated into an obsession with crime in general, well, I have thought about other things throughout the years.
I grew up watching Monday Night Football with Howard Cosell and the other guys with my dad.
So my dad raised me, and he's a huge football fan.
When I found out I got this job, I cried, of course - I'm a girly-girl - and then I called my dad, and he cried, too. On so many levels, this is a thrill for me.
I grew up loving Walter Payton. My dad used to always show us film of him.
You know when everyone's watching, your mom and dad, your friends in high school who thought they were better than you. You get your chance to get in the spotlight and shine.
We would make songs, and the producers said we should play it for my dad. I was kind of scared, I didn't know what to think cuz we were just joking around.
My dad was a workaholic. I saw him work seven days a week.
I love my hockey, but if you can do that and go home and just be a dad and husband, then you have the best of both worlds.
I finished high school, moved to Nashville for college, and set out to break into the music business. Every night when I called home with news of my experiences, my mom and dad would encourage me to keep taking those small steps.
From time to time, I'll look back through the personal journals I've scribbled in throughout my life, the keepers of my raw thoughts and emotions. The words poured forth after my dad died, when I went through a divorce, and after I was diagnosed with breast cancer. There are so many what-ifs scribbled on those pages.
Being an only child, I didn't have any other family but my mom and dad really, since the rest of my family lived quite far away from London.
I wanted my dad to be proud of me, and I fell into acting because there wasn't anything else I could do, and in it I found a discipline that I wanted to keep coming back to, that I love and I learn about every day.
My dad still calls me and makes sure I'm taking my vitamins.
I'm gonna be the best dad that ever lived. I'll have a ranch with a race car track and a golf course.
Recently, I was in Bernalda, my dad's ancestral home town in Italy. He has just refurbished a palazzo and turned it into a hotel, so we had my sister's wedding there. It was beautiful.
My dad had been shortstop when he was in college, and you know, when you're a kid, you want to be just like your dad.
As it has been told to me, my Dad had some kind of deal with Dick Clark. But when we got here, that fell through. So we were out here with no job, no furniture, no food.
In fact, I had the idea because of Peter Falk. I saw my dad watching a Peter Falk movie and something clicked in my head. I gotta go make a movie for Peter Falk and me.
And in that time, I lost my dad and had kids of my own. It was like, OK, I get it now. I know what fatherhood is all about. And you look at your parents differently.
My Dad was so open creatively that I was off in search of black turtleneck bathing suits with long sleeves.
My mother is Italian and my dad's Irish. In my family, we're expressive. Nobody holds back.
Well, I am a lot like my dad, and the character of Ted is based on my dad.
Dad was a bus driver, and when he finished work he would repair cars.
When it came to the stylish and graceful art of ballroom dancing, my dad was a king of the clubs, a prowling tiger and a wonderfully natural mover.
Dad said that he was prouder of me than he'd ever been when I came out.
Everybody always wants to rebel against their parents' music, but nobody listened to music louder than my dad.
My dad was very fun and very adventurous, and from a formative age I learned to value men who would do things on a whim.
My dad let me figure out what I wanted to do on my own.
My dad's not a very intimidating father figure.
My dad's supportive of all my endeavors.
My dad has more sparkly stuff than most men.
I can't remember a major league game where I could make eye contact with my dad. I kept wondering if he was going to yell at me for hanging a pitch or something.
My dad had a movie theater so I was there every night.
I'm really, really lucky. I was given my dad's good genes.
I started playing ball when I was a kid. My dad was a pro ball player and he passed on his knowledge to me.
At times I've got a really big ego. But I'll tell you the best thing about me. I'm some guy's dad I'm some little gal's dad. When I die, if they say I was Annie's husband and Zachary John and Anna Kate's father, boy, that's enough for me to be remembered by. That's more than enough.
I realised I could run after finding out that my dad used to run and it gave me the morale that if he did it then maybe I could also run.
I get around OK with a toolbox. As a kid, I picked up skills following my dad through the oil fields of Oklahoma and West Texas. My wife Janine is hard to impress, but she does think it's cool when I fix things around the house.
My dad is a really honest, hardworking, straight guy.
I had a dad you know.
And I remember leaving my place in L.A. and - my father is a big fight fan - and I said, 'Dad, I got a couple of days off and I'm getting ready to go to Houston to sign to fight Muhammad Ali.
When you get pure joy out of 'being' rather than 'doing' or 'seeing,' that's when you realize how big and unexplainable some things are and being a dad is one of those very few things.
I'm one of five kids and we lived on a massive farm in New South Wales with my mum and dad.
Dad, I'm in some trouble. There's been an accident and you're going to hear all sorts of things about me from now on. Terrible things.
My dad's a bodybuilder. My whole life I've been taught to train the hard way. I believe in earning strength, not buying it. My grandfather raised me old school: In baseball, you work for whatever you get.
My background is basically scientific math. My Dad was a physicist, so I have it in my blood somewhere. Scientific method is very important to me. I think anything that contradicts it is probably not true.
My father was Catholic, my mother was Protestant, and because of that I got Christened in both churches, so I've got all these names... but my Dad always called me Mick.
When I was a teenager, my dad used to call me 'Hollywood' because I wore sunglasses all the time, even at night. Cue song.
My dad's one of my biggest heroes. I also think Paul Newman's an inspiration. I know a lot of people say that, but I love that he's a great role model and a humanitarian. I admire people who don't necessarily want to change the world, but try to make it a better environment.
It would be nice if I did have a good relationship with my family, and yes, part of me longs to have a mum and dad who love and accept me for who I am. But if they never do, it's OK.
He was a manager, one of the singers, I guess talent coordinator for the local talent in Harlem. His name was Lover Patterson. He was living right across the street from where my dad had his restaurant. I guess he saw a lot of kids come in, a lot of my buddies.
Many forms, sizes and colors, I think there are heroes in sports, in life... It would be cliche to say my dad, my granddad. I think I'm a fan of people who were brave, my aunt, my grandmother, those are my heroes.
I'm left handed, but my dad taught me to play guitar right-handed.
My mum and my dad are the sweetest couple.
My dad was vehemently opposed to electric guitars. He did not look on that kind of music as legitimate in any way.
My dad served in the Air Force as ground crew for several years, and doesn't really talk about it. I know that it's there. I think my main thing about direct or indirect experiences as near to home as it were is the idea of self-sacrifice really.
Our dad was a great guy and we will never forget him.
On the one hand, I've had such a normal upbringing with my mum, who has kept me grounded, but on the other, the wild experiences through my dad.
My mom's a Catholic, and my dad's a Jew, and they didn't want anything to do with anything.
The only other time I can recall my dad getting upset at me was when I missed a hockey practice. My parents were away, so my buddy and I decided to skip it. I never told my dad about it, but he found out from the coach.
Well my dad was a pretty good player at one stage and my two older brothers played golf as well. So there were always golf clubs flying around the house.
I wasn't sure how my dad would react. There was an agent sitting behind them and he told me he was embarrassed to watch the scenes. My parents have always been very open. They trust my decisions.
I used to listen to my dad a lot as a way of trying to be close to him, as well, because my parents were divorced and I didn't spend that much time with him. And I used to put headphones on and listen to my dad talk and sing and I found that quite... bonding with him, in a weird way.
It was sort of just a family sport. My mom and dad were pretty keen golfers when I was young and so were my grandparents, and I just sort of tagged along with them.
Things with my dad were pretty good until I won an Academy Award. He was really loving to me until I got more attention than he did. Then he hated me.
I would ask my dad what he did, and he'd say, 'I listen to people's problems.' In some way what he did for a living is in my genes.
When I was a kid, I wanted to walk with my dad's limp - my dad was my hero - but that infuriated him, and he would make me walk back and forth in the living room until I walked without it.
When I grew up, people said, 'You'll never be the man your dad was.' And I said, 'Gee, I hope not.'
My dad has always been really helpful. He taught me that talent is a bonus, but persistence is what wins out.
But my father was also the one who told me I needed to clean up my mouth or I'd never find a man. What's very important to him is manners. Show up on time. Always send thank-you letters. He is one of the more thoughtful humans I've ever met. He's a great man and a very good dad.
I didn't want to play a lawyer. I didn't want to play a doctor. I didn't want to play a single dad. I wanted to do something I felt I could learn from, something that would be a challenge and something that would not dry up.
I feel that marrying younger and being quite a young dad helped me with the stability of my career.
Indians mock their corrupt politicians relentlessly, but they regard their honest politicians with silent suspicion. The first thing they do when they hear of a supposedly 'clean' politician is to grin. It is a cliche that honest politicians in India tend to have dishonest sons, who collect money from people seeking an audience with Dad.
I was born and raised in the high desert of Nevada in a tiny town called Searchlight. My dad was a hard rock miner. My mom took in wash. I grew up around people of strong values - even if they rarely talked about them.
I think women look for that quality in a man of being a good dad whether they're immediately wanting to be a parent or not.
I'm just as insufferable and useless as every other dad is. The dynamic never changes, no matter what you do for a living.
My dad's Irish music was such a huge influence.
I feel very warm towards Mum and Dad for giving us the independence they did. My childhood, and the fact we didn't have a TV, gave me a boundless imagination.
I want babies. I think I'll be a great dad.
My dad was a singer in a band and neither of my parents went to college, and I ended up getting into Harvard and was the first person in my family that went to college and it happened to be Harvard.
The best thing I ever learned from my dad was he knew he wasn't the best of singers, but he always knew he was a great entertainer, and I always thought that was a good concept to bring along, that ultimately acting is an entertainment art and you have to be aware of the fact that you want people to be excited to be watching you.
My dad's era believed that there was something noble in being a good guy - the kind of guy that lived straight and narrow, told the truth, and stood up for what he believed was right.
My dad had been an actor... not only had my dad been an actor, but his dad had been an actor, and my great-grandfather had been an actor. And who knows before then?
I went and took golf lessons so Dad would let me play with him. I was just terrible... but I was able to have a wonderful time just walking around with Dad. I can see the real pleasure of that game.
I wanted to be an actress. I think it had a lot to do with being a kid and watching how every time my dad would stand up to talk people would applaud... that was pretty cool.
I look at my little girl and I wonder what she's going to be and what she's going to do and what is it that leads girls certain directions in life. I think a lot of that goes back to what kind of father they had, and so it makes me want to be the best dad I can possibly be.
I had always loved music. I grew up listening to classic country, Waylon Jennings, Merle Haggard. My dad loved Vern Gosdin and Keith Whitley. So I kept going to class and started getting totally into playing guitar and teaching myself these songs.
My dad has always been very proud of me but I think I have exceeded his expectations. When I told him I wanted to be an actor and moved to New York City, I think he assumed I would be playing the guitar on the subway and collecting spare change in my guitar case. The fact that I'm not doing that means that I'm a huge success.
Dad really had little to do with the songs, except to perform them.
I wanted to travel with my dad to be close to him again. Having babies and raising my own family took so much of my time, I didn't have a chance to be with him very often.
My dad was the baby. When he was born they were already successful. They sent him to business school - he probably would have loved to have been a poet or a writer or something, and he was very creative.
My dad told me that no one could ever make it as a writer, that my chances were equivalent to winning the lottery - which was good for me, because I like to have something to prove.
From my dad I learned to be good to people, to always be honest and straightforward. I learned hard work and perseverance.
My dad is very successful in his business. He's always been big in having hobbies and having little ways to get away. He always made time for hunting and fishing. He always encouraged me to do it.
We had our first earthquake over here recently. That was a bizarre feeling. I just became disoriented and I remember my dad freaking out. Nothing broke or anything.
I suppose not everyone has a dad who wrote a book saying he didn't believe in the Parliamentary road to socialism.
There was nothing more important I could do than be supportive as a dad.
My dad named me Dakota and my mom came up with my first name Hannah. So it's Hannah Dakota Fanning.
My dad was a master butcher and I trained to be a butcher when I left school. I didn't enjoy it at the time but I love cooking now, so perhaps I would have been a chef.
I started off playing the clarinet, after I was inspired by listening to my dad's Benny Goodman records.
I absolutely love working with my dad because there is such an ease about it, and I also love his company.
I've got an idea for a modern day faerie tale that I think would made a great short novel. But I just don't have the time to work on it right now. I'm way too busy with the 'Kingkiller Chronicles' and being a new dad.
If you met my dad, I think a lot of things would be put to rest. Because my pops is a pretty silly guy. But, Coldcut, they're based in the U.K. I'm a big fan of jazz music, so American music has had a big influence on what I listen to.
When I realized I was having trouble reading, I was too embarrassed to ask for help. Some teachers believed in me, but I just wasn't focused on school - I was into the music and trying to please my dad.
I'm an ambassador for the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and one of the children, his wish was to go to the Emmys, so he's going to be my date, along with my husband, and my dad and his girlfriend. So we're going to have a really fun night and it's going to be really exciting. I'm really excited for him to experience that.
My little son, Atticus, desperately needs his dad and I haven't been there for him... and that's sad.
My dad always said I was hard-headed, that it would take something like that to wake me up spiritually, and I guess it did. My heart had gotten so beat up that I didn't have anything left to give.
You know, no matter what I am or what I do for a living, I'm still, you know, the husband and the dad and the protector of the house, and I have to be conscientious about that.
Going through the grief period of my dad and losing him - that was the worst thing because you know when you get that call. When you are seven, eight years old, you have that almost vision in your mind of what that's going to be like and what your going to feel like and it doesn't prepare you.
I love being a dad. I'd have more kids if I could. I'd take a couple more, one or two more before I croak.
I've got my dad's height and smoking habit. But I think I've got my mum's looks and sensibilities.
My dad was an entrepreneurial businessman, and maybe I got some of his ability.
The people on my mum's side of the family are atheist intellectuals who are ueber-proper. My dad's side of the family are missionaries who are more comfortable sitting around in sweatpants than they are in a five-star restaurant. But those two influences converged in my life.
I recruited my dad to be my bass player and fired him on several occasions. He stayed on as a bus driver.
Whenever I did a good performance, my Dad and my uncles, who were rabid movie fans, took me to the movies. There began my underlying love affair with film.
My dad thinks Obama is a socialist and all these extreme views.
I'm a good dad I spend a lot of time with my kids.
I was trying to make art that my son could look on in the future and would realize I was thinking about him very much during these times... that he can look and see my dad's thinking about me, but to also embed in these things something that is bigger than all of us.
I'm probably a little more like my dad. But because of my mom, I never saw being a woman as being an impediment to being able to do something. She had her Ph.D. before I was born.
We always had lutefisk for Christmas dinner, after which Dad read from the Norwegian Bible.
Dad was a chemistry professor at Saint Olaf College in Minnesota, then Oxford College in Minnesota, and a very active member of the American Chemical Society education committee, where he sat on the committee with Linus Pauling, who had authored a very phenomenally important textbook of chemistry.
To those of you who are wearing ties, I think my dad would appreciate it if you took them off.
For my birthday this year, my girlfriends - who knew I'd just inherited my dad's turntable - gave me a carton of albums like 'Blue Kentucky Girl,' by Emmylou Harris, and 'Off the Wall,' by Michael Jackson. It's all stuff we grew up with. I mean, you can't have a music collection without Prince's 'Purple Rain' - it just can't be done!
We came from a family where we ran our own small business. Our dad made his own products. We made our own sausages, our own meatloafs, our own pickles. Dad had to do everything himself. He had to figure out how to finance his business.
My dad keeps joking about sneaking into my grandparents' house and switching out their HBO for PBS so they think I'm on 'Downton Abbey.'
The best advice my dad ever gave me is that acting is believing. Acting is not acting. It isn't putting on a face and dancing around in a mask. It's believing that you are that character and playing him as if it were a normal day in the life of that character.
My dad never told me that when you audition, you might not get the role. He wanted to wait until my first disappointment to tell me.
I was really bright as a kid and tested well, and it was clear that I was going to get scholarships to any schools I wanted. My dad always said I could be an engineer at that time it was the elite of society: steady job, working in science, which was then the answer to every problem we had. It was kind of a mandate. Kind of a dream he had for me.
My parents loved each other. I was raised in a house of total love and respect. My dad worked very hard and my mother was incredibly devoted to him. I can unequivocally, without any peradventure of doubt, tell you that I was raised with the kind of love that we only dream of.
Dad is my best mate and I can tell Mum absolutely anything. I really appreciate Mum and Dad. Why are we so close? Young parents, I think. The rock business keeps their minds young.
I wasn't aware of my dad being an actor when I was young. I remember there was an Australian children's entertainer on television called Ralph Harris and when I'd say my father was an actor, kids would say, you know, 'oh, is he Ralph Harris?' And I had to say no and then they would lose interest.
When my dad was badly weakened by the flu and my mom wanted to call an ambulance to take him to the emergency room, he wouldn't go unless he could shave first and change into a nice shirt and a pair of slacks.
I'm probably going to get in trouble for this but 'American Dad' is one of my favourite shows. It gets very dark in places but the jokes are there.
My dad is this very sensible guy who never let me feel that anything was beyond my station.
When I was little, I used to work with my dad on the engine of his car. Mostly this was a matter of me handing him wrenches.
My dad is kind of a rascal, like in a Dickensian sense. He just goes from career to career.
My life isn't that dramatic. My dad really loves me, he just can't talk on the phone. He's too crippled and shy, and that's almost harder. He's there and he loves me, and I try and try and try, it's just impossible to have a relationship.
I don't deal with death very well. My brother, John Candy, my dad, my mom, Brandon Tartikoff just a couple of weeks ago. I mean, you lose a lot of people in your life, and that's one thing I am constantly working on - pain management.
I don't know if there is a gene for comedy, but my dad was a very funny man. He just didn't know it. He was a naturally funny character, and when my brother and I would laugh at things he said and did, he would say, 'What do you think is so funny?'
My dad was in the army so we moved around a lot and I changed schools every year and had to make new friends, and I found that if I was the funny guy I could do that easier.
My dad has no control over who works with me. Me, me and me alone has to take responsibility for anything.
Growing up, I had a front row seat to seeing two people work really hard. My dad scrubbed toilets at a private Catholic school for a while, and that was to help me get through school.
My family was very supportive of whatever I wanted because my grandfather was an opera singer. My dad's dad. So my dad has an appreciation for the arts, and he let me choose my own path.
I always wanted to be a father. I have a beautiful relationship with my dad and beautiful memories. I always knew I was going to have a family.
Every family is different. I am mom and I am dad and I'm going to do my best. You should be proud, walk through life saying I have the coolest family. I am part of a modern family.
I remember my dad, who coached football, would buy some of his players football shoes when they couldn't afford it.
My dad passed away before my freshman year, and it altered how I thought. I was depressed - I didn't hang out with my friends. I worked through it by dancing.
My goal is for Gunnar to outlive me. That's the way it should be. My dream is for him to be a dad himself one day, so he can find out all the anxiety that kids bring to their dads.
My dad and grandpa were in the army and as a country singer you're constantly playing at military bases all across the country and meeting soldiers and their families and hearing their stories.
My dad was my first coach and drove me extremely hard from a very young age.
I love playing a dad. It's hard to find family dramas that are genuinely funny.
If a cow walked into this room, I'd probably walk out. I could milk it, but my dad never forced me to do a lot of chores like that, mostly because he loved doing it himself.
My dad is a pilot so I think I was born with the travel bug.
I had my footballing heroes such as Bryan Robson and Diego Maradona but my dad was a rugby league star, and he was my real hero. But the relationship with my mum was rocky and we saw things that would affect any youngster.
A mustache really defines your face. My dad had a mustache when I was growing up, and I can still remember when he shaved it, he looked like a completely different person.
Some musicians I know are incredible fathers. Like Keith Richards. A fantastic dad.
I love Prince Harry. Good looking and a bit of a rebel. Me and his dad are as thick as thieves and I knew Harry before I knew his dad so we've met a few times. I think he's amazing. And I think you can relate to him because he's made mistakes. He's cool.
We all have roles in life. I'm a dad, a husband, this and that, but basically I only feel justified in being alive when I'm on the stage.
I have a weird sense of humour. My dad's the same. We love watching 'Monty Python' together.
My grandmother was an actress too. In the thirties and forties she was under contract with Universal Studios. Crazy credits, lots of them. My dad was also under contract with Universal Studios. And my first film was shot on the same stage they both worked on at Universal.
I got stuck up a tree when I was about seven, and my dad had to come and get the ladder to get me down. I loved to climb all the way up to the top. I must have been a koala in my past life.
No, like I said, my dad was never really part of the tennis. His involvement around what I did with the tennis and with my mom and my grandparents was really not a part of my life.
I've hung out at dozens of playgrounds, bored out of my mind, with not even a look of comfort from disapproving mothers all around me. Either they think I'm a pedophile or a deadbeat dad. That's what I get for being a single dad - suspicious looks at the playground.
My mum's parents were from Ireland, my dad's mum was American-Irish.
Obviously, losing a parent is very difficult. I miss my dad every day, but I know he would be proud to see me continuing to swim and going for another shot at the Olympics.
I actually study boxing - my dad was a Golden Gloves champion so I learned how to fight at a very young age. Growing up in Brooklyn you always had to watch your back, so I pretty much learned to protect myself.
I'm a four star general in this thing, and you don't rise to the ranks of a four star general by hanging about the house being the perfect dad.
As I get older and I get a few more years experience I become more like Dad, you know, King Lear.
My mom grew up in Kansas, my dad in Indiana. They had boring childhoods.
My mom was a dancer, my dad's a singer and I've always had that kind of music in my life.
From about eight years old I was always making things on the sewing machine. Friends would see me making dresses and costumes, and I'd use difficult fabrics such as Lycra and elastic. But you know, my dad was creative and my brother is inventive too.
Mum and dad thought I was going to say I was pregnant. I said oh no, no, I've just been nominated for a Golden Globe. They were like, oh that's lovely, love.
One of the accidental joys of my writing life has been that I've had some lovely, surprisingly good fortune with readers, and I've brought readers to my dad's work. I can't tell you the joy that gives me. Because my father's work was masterful.
Somewhere in my wildest childhood I must have done something right. Being able to make a boyhood dream come true is one thing, but to have a kid come along and thrill his dad like Brett Hull has thrilled me over his career is too much for one guy to handle.
My dad and mom divorced when I was around ten, and I didn't live with him after that, though he was close by and we saw each other weekly. I wasn't really aware that he was a writer I didn't start reading his writing until I was about fifteen. It occurred to me then that my dad was kind of special he's still one of my favorite writers.
The most challenging part of being a dad is self-restraint. So often your instinct is to teach and tell. I am constantly reminding myself to listen to them.
I'm a dad now and whatever I'm doing in life I usually put a lot of effort into it - usually too much effort, so it kind of comes off ridiculous at times.
I know who my dad is, I've met him a few times, but I don't even call him dad. I know it sounds horrible, but I don't even see him as part of my family, to be honest. If you want the truth, it doesn't bother me because I don't know any different. I just know that me and my mum, that was my family.
My folks have played everything from rock, disco, pop, funk, and blues. My dad has always brought and played different genres like jazz, classical, and Latin. With all this in my pocket, I feel I have a taste of everything for my influences.
I love my daughter, but she had me on couscous and fixed me pastas and made me eat oatmeal every morning and what else, turkey burgers, turkey bacon, and that kind of stuff. So she wants her dad to live a long time, and I do, too.
It's always been a dream of mine to get somewhere and to have my mom and dad with me up there.
My dad wanted me to play when I was a kid, so I learned to play the guitar. I pursued a career in music because I love it so much and I enjoy what it does to those who hear it.
I needed to step away from music because the truth was I couldn't be the dad I wanted to be to my kids. My truth was that I could not reconcile the two worlds - the entertainment world and being the dad I wanted to be in the present. You can't substitute time, you just can't.
All my band members were old enough to be my dad. It was like this family vibe.
Truthfully, I'm still Corey Hart, Dad, first.
I think that every therapist that I know, including my dad and my sister, have their own issues. But that empathy is what makes them good at their job.
Dad worked his entire career as an aviation technician. Mom was a legal secretary who became a teacher. We lived a simple American life.
My dad was a good athlete. My mom had longevity. There were some athletic genes that certainly got passed down.
I miss my Dad. My Dad loved cheesy monster movies, so we'd have Godzilla movie marathons. Those are some of my favorite memories, laughing at how the monster outfits were so bad, like black garbage bags for heads.
I've always had an affinity for lawyers. My dad is a lawyer. He's retired now. My brother is a lawyer.
Every dad who loves his daughter is not going to want her to go with the penniless slacker loser poet bum, when she could go out with someone who's successful.
My dad died when I was three so my mom had to raise four kids on her own, and I think there's a part of me that pulls upon having watched my mom do that our whole lives. She had to make it work.
Usually a family is led through the mom or the dad and their career and for the family to be led by my career, even though God has led it, could be a lot of pressure.
No one was more important than my mom and dad. I know they are watching from a place up in heaven here today to make sure all their kids are doing good.
My dad recently reminded me that my grandfather's cousin was Lefty Frizzell.
My dad's an architect and my mom owned a French bakery for twelve years.
My mum was very conscious about fashion and my dad was born into the tailoring tradition, so fashion has always been my life, although now, really, I wear the same thing - just in different weights - light and heavy cashmere in winter and cotton in summer.
I always told my dad I'd play professional football.
My dad doesn't like religion much, but I grew up very close to the Baptist tradition. God isn't this distant thing. God is right here with you all the time. He's your buddy, and you can talk about everything.
My dad was an inventor, and I think I've always had a rosy view of technology, or at least its potential.
My dad, like many Southern men, is this very emotionally expressive person who isn't as articulate in words about his feelings as he is with breaking a chair or something like that.
My dad was an engineer and so I had this picture of science and technology and pursuits of the mind as being more impressive than artistic pursuits, which I saw a as kind of frivolous.
I also turn down what's probably a good amount of coinage to be made out of playing dads, an incredible number of obnoxious dad.
My mom and dad - they were always there. They were always on the set. They focused on our family life. The entertainment business wasn't the end-all. They weren't out to get the next big paycheck or the next big movie. It was about 'What can we do as a family.'
You know that family is going to be there for you no matter what. My dad gave me a freakin' kidney!
I have mostly been terrified of listening to scary stories around a campfire. We camp a lot as a family, and at night my dad would try and tell us scary stories. This made eating s'mores difficult. The story would start with something like... 'and the old man who lived in these woods...' I would then run back into the camper terrified.
Everyone gets surprised because neither one of my parents play golf. Like I said in my speech, my aunt and uncle really love golf, and we visited them, and she gave me two clubs. Like people think when they don't know who my dad is, they think he's my coach.
My sensei was a British karate champion named Brian Fitkin. He was my mentor and because I had a hard relationship with my dad, he became a father figure to me.
Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain.
Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things.
I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that.
You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgment of others.
If there hadn't been women we'd still be squatting in a cave eating raw meat, because we made civilization in order to impress our girlfriends.
Nothing is perfect. Life is messy. Relationships are complex. Outcomes are uncertain. People are irrational.
I'm not the girl who always has a boyfriend. I'm the girl who rarely has a boyfriend.
I like the bad-boy types. Generally the guy I'm attracted to is the guy in the club with all the tattoos and nail polish. He's usually the lead singer in a punk band and plays guitar. But my serious boyfriends are relatively clean-cut, nice guys. So it's strange.
There's only two people in your life you should lie to... the police and your girlfriend.
Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.
Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
I'm quite sensitive to women. I saw how my sister got treated by boyfriends. I read this thing that said when you are in a relationship with a woman, imagine how you would feel if you were her father. That's been my approach, for the most part.
Nothing defines humans better than their willingness to do irrational things in the pursuit of phenomenally unlikely payoffs. This is the principle behind lotteries, dating, and religion.
It seems essential, in relationships and all tasks, that we concentrate only on what is most significant and important.
A relationship requires a lot of work and commitment.
However successful you are, there is no substitute for a close relationship. We all need them.
Do not just look at your boyfriend as just a boyfriend. Look at him as a friend, too.
Treasure your relationships, not your possessions.
Personally, I don't like a girlfriend to have a husband. If she'll fool her husband, I figure she'll fool me.
Right now I'm pretty single... My career is my boyfriend.
You know, the man of my dreams might walk round the corner tomorrow. I'm older and wiser and I think I'd make a great girlfriend. I live in the realm of romantic possibility.
People could rationally decide that prolonged relationships take up too much time and effort and that they'd much rather do other kinds of things. But most people are afraid of rejection.
You know when I feel inwardly beautiful? When I am with my girlfriends and we are having a 'goddess circle'.
I am a hopeless romantic and I love to spoil my girlfriends.
I used to be a real prince charming if I went on a date with a girl. But then I'd get to where I was likely to have a stroke from the stress of keeping up my act. I've since learned the key to a good date is to pay attention on her.
Well, a girlfriend once told me never to fight with anybody you don't love.
If you can lie, you can act, and if you can lie to crazy girlfriends, you can act under pressure.
If you don't have a valentine, hang out with your girlfriends, don't go looking for someone. When it's right, they'll come to you.
I don't know the first real thing about the dating game. I don't know how to talk to a specific person and connect. I just think you have to go to person by person and do the best you can with people in general.
My boyfriend and I broke up. He wanted to get married and I didn't want him to.
Watching your daughter being collected by her date feels like handing over a million dollar Stradivarius to a gorilla.
I can't even find someone for a platonic relationship, much less the kind where someone wants to see me naked.
If you're a sports fan you realize that when you meet somebody, like a girlfriend, they kind of have to root for your team. They don't have a choice.
I suppose I was a little bit of what would be called today a nerd. I didn't have girlfriends, and really I wasn't a very social boy.
I don't understand the whole dating thing. I know right off the bat if I'm interested in someone, and I don't want them to waste their money on me and take me out to eat if I know I'm not interested in that person.
Everything I buy is vintage and smells funny. Maybe that's why I don't have a boyfriend.
Practically all the relationships I know are based on a foundation of lies and mutually accepted delusion.
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese.
I've been dating since I was fifteen. I'm exhausted. Where is he?
I've never been Romeo who meets a girl and falls for her immediately. It's been a much slower process for me each time I've gone into a relationship.
I change my mind so much I need two boyfriends and a girlfriend.
I'm dating a woman now who, evidently, is unaware of it.
I've had enough boyfriends and enough issues. I'd seen enough train wrecks.
If your best friend has stolen your girlfriend, it does become life and death.
I was dating this guy and we would spend all day text messaging each other. And he thought that he could tell that he liked me more because he actually spelt the word 'YOU' and I just put the letter 'U'.
Which is, I'm an optimist that two people can be together to work out their conflicts. And that commitment, I think, might be what love is, because they both grow from their relationship.
I didn't have a financial need, and I wasn't very gifted at relationships. I probably was more like what we think of boys as being: hard to pin down and wary of commitment.
My boyfriend calls me 'princess', but I think of myself more along the lines of 'monkey' and 'retard'.
We are constantly protecting the male ego, and it's a disservice to men. If a man has any sensitivity or intelligence, he wants to get the straight scoop from his girlfriend.
Thank God I never got in a fight. All of the jock dudes hated me, but all of their girlfriends thought I was nice so they wouldn't touch me. It was infuriating to them.
I have a lot of boyfriends, I want you to write that. Every country I visit, I have a different boyfriend. And I kiss them all.
I love being a single mom. But it's definitely different when you're dating.
I always say now that I'm in my blonde years. Because since the end of my marriage, all of my girlfriends have been blonde.
Maybe the most that you can expect from a relationship that goes bad is to come out of it with a few good songs.
Rumors about me? Calista Flockhart, Pam Anderson, and Matt Damon. That's who I'm dating.
My girlfriend bought me a down jacket, she said it fit my personality.
You show your vulnerability through relationships, and those feelings are your soft spot. You need to have a soft spot.
Last year my boyfriend gave me a painting - a very personal one. I really prefer personal gifts or ones made by someone for me. Except diamonds. That's the exception to the rule.
Things were a lot simpler in Detroit. I didn't care about anything but boyfriends.
I have stepped off the relationship scene to come to terms with myself. I have spent most of my adult life being 'someone's girlfriend', and now I am happy being single.
I think if I could have a boyfriend like my brothers I'd be really happy. But without the brother thing.
At this year's Open, I'll have five boyfriends.
I fantasize about going back to high school with the knowledge I have now. I would shine. I would have a good time, I would have a girlfriend. I think that's where a lot of my pain comes from. I think I never had any teenage years to go back to.
I don't know any of us who are in relationships that are totally honest - it doesn't exist.
It was just that we had this phenomenal honeymoon relationship that just kept on going.
In a relationship you have to open yourself up.
It's always been my personal feeling that unless you are married, there is something that is not very dignified about talking about who you are dating.
Relationships in general make people a bit nervous. It's about trust. Do I trust you enough to go there?
I started dating older men, and I would fall in love with them. I thought they could teach me about life.
I think more dating stuff is scheduling. It's needing people who understand your work schedule.
It's weird, I never wish anything bad upon anybody, except two or three old girlfriends.
What I remember most about junior homecoming was my date getting sick afterwards. That kinda sucked. Then, senior year, someone got gum in her hair when we were dancing. She had to get one of the chaperones to take her to the office and cut up her hair. I felt really bad for her, but it worked out fine.
I stopped dating for six months a year ago. Dating requires a lot of energy and focus.
Appearance is something you should definitely consider when you're going out. Have your girlfriend clip your nails or something like that.
I'm not cynical about marriage or romance. I enjoyed being married. And although being single was fun for a while, there was always the risk of dating someone who'd owned a lunch box with my picture on it.
The prospect of dating someone in her twenties becomes less appealing as you get older. At some point in your fife, your tolerance level goes down and you realize that, with someone much younger, there's nothing really to talk about.
Workshops and seminars are basically financial speed dating for clueless people.
I prefer ordinary girls - you know, college students, waitresses, that sort of thing. Most of the girls I go out with are just good friends. Just because I go out to the cinema with a girl, it doesn't mean we are dating.
My philosophy of dating is to just fart right away.
Pamela Anderson Lee released a statement confirming that she has had her breast implants removed. Doctors say that Pamela is doing fine and that her old implants are now dating Charlie Sheen.
I want my audience to know me for my work, not because of who I'm dating or what drugs I'm on or what club I went to.
It's a big responsibility dating me. Because I come with a little bit of baggage, you know?
Good-looking individuals are treated better than homely ones in virtually every social situation, from dating to trial by jury.
I can't even explain to you how terrible that feels, that I equate dating a woman with punishment, shame, guilt, disappointment, reproach, reprimand, persecution. It's a nightmare.
When I was first divorced, I started dating younger women, and it was really exciting. But after a while I was like, 'This is just dumb.'
You are not alone with a guy until you are a proper age. You don't go to certain levels with men until you are married or you have a certain relationship.
I'm honest about the journey I've been on, so I definitely don't take dating lightly anymore.
I can't imagine dating a boy, meeting him only outside the home. What's a home and family for if it's not the center of one's life?
When I started dating I had this kind of Romeo and Juliet, fateful romantic idea about love which was almost that you were a victim and there was a lot of pain involved and that was how it should be.
All my freakouts have been pretty private and directed at family pets and/or people I have been dating for too short a time to freak out at in that way.
People say, 'Just say who you're dating. Then people will stop being so ravenous about it.' It's like, No they won't! They'll ask for specifics.
I wouldn't tell you anything about anybody I cared about because it becomes entertainment for other people, and it sort of just cheapens everything in your life. I would never tell you if I was dating anybody.
I'm not very experienced with boys or the whole dating thingy.
Well, dating has become a sport and not about finding the person you love.
I'm friends with a lot of my exes, but it took time. We didn't just get into it. I don't think you can be friends until you're cool with them dating someone else. That's when you know.
I'm not great at dating, but I need to do it to relax.
Dating is just awkward moments and one person wants more than the other. It's just that constant strangeness. I think it's a very real thing.
I give dating advice on a regular basis. It's not that I'm any expert, but it's always nice to share that with your friends.
I don't really believe in rules, but I do like old-fashioned dating where you don't call the guy until he calls you. I don't think it's like he's got to do this and that's the rule.
I don't have the best dating track record.
Dating is all about the chase. It's fun!
Dating in Los Angeles can be hard, which makes it all the better when you meet a really nice guy.
I'm not old-fashioned when it comes to dating, but there's something nice about a guy pulling out a girl's chair and opening the door for her, even if it's just in the beginning.
My mom is going to kill me for talking about sleeping with people. But I don't want to put myself in the position where I'm in a monogamous relationship right now. I'm not dating just one person. 'Sex and the City' changed everything for me because those girls would sleep with so many people.
Coming through the fire and through the storm of life with a strong man, my fiance Ashanti, whom I've been dating for eight months and two wonderful children beside me, I'm just so happy that I have been able to maintain my integrity and get to where I am today with the right energy around me.
I'm much more interested in what an actor has to say about something substantial and important than who they're dating or what clothes they're wearing or some other asinine, insignificant aspect of their life.
I have put gay dating on the map.
Taylor Swift dates guys so she can write a breakup song about them. I don't think she's dating for love - I think she's dating for creativity. So let's get her off the market and put her in dating detox. If she really wants love, she has to stop writing music about them.
The rich are different. Their wants are very high maintenance. They'll pick eye color and hair color, all the way down to what she does for a living, what school she went to. Their list can be extremely long. But at the end of the day, dating is dating, because they're human beings.
Dating is kind of hard. Like dinner or something like that. Like a forced awkward situation is very strange. Especially for me, for some reason.
I grew up in the world of bad television, on my dad's sets and then as a young schmuck on dating shows and so on.
No one knew me until I met my wife Lulu. Lulu's mother used to ask, Which one is Maurice? For six months she thought Lulu was dating Barry.
I'm so an all-or-nothing person in dating, always. I'm big on not wasting time. And so, yeah, if something's not working, it's time to not hold people back.
I don't know why anyone would want to ask an actor for dating advice. We are not the poster children for healthy relationships.
After a number of years dating, we decided we were good partners.
I always hated high-school shows and high-school movies, because they were always about the cool kids. It was always about dating and sex, and all the popular kids, and the good-looking kids. And the nerds were super-nerdy cartoons, with tape on their glasses. I never saw 'my people' portrayed accurately.
Dating is really hard because everyone puts on a front. It's really difficult to see who is who, so it is important to be yourself.
At the time that I knew them, they were not living together. They began dating again after their divorce, so I didn't really see fighting.
Dodi got a lot of criticism when he began dating Princess Diana. No one seemed to think he was good enough for her.
I'm often dating people, but I don't say it because you sort of know it won't last long.
I was dating my first boyfriend in high school for a long time, and we broke up before prom. I hadn't met anyone else that I really wanted to go with, and my friends have always been amazing. So I went with my friends and got a million photos with them!
The Google algorithm was a significant development. I've had thank-you emails from people whose lives have been saved by information on a medical website or who have found the love of their life on a dating website.
I've had a little bad, bad media luck the new year. Well, apparently I'm dating Bill Clinton, which makes me nervous. I didn't know, though.
Dating co-stars is natural. When you're working with someone, it's habit.
We had two rules growing up in my house: If you're going to take a shower, do it with whomever you're dating so you don't waste water and if you buy one for yourself, buy six, because everybody's going to want one.
If I'm with a man, is that going to prevent me from achieving my goal? What sacrifices will I have to make in terms of being myself, if I'm with a man? Something that young women find out really quickly is that when you start dating, all of a sudden you're supposed to have a role. You're not allowed to just be yourself.
Evolution is unobservable. It's based on blind faith in a few dry bones and on unreliable dating systems in which the gullible trust. Kids should be allowed to make up their own minds about this issue, and not be censored to 'one side is all we will let you hear.'
I ain't scared to do another dating show, but I ain't really trying to. I want to do a talk show or something. I've done enough dating on television. I'm ready to spread my wings, and go down other avenues.
Like many of you, I've always been slightly obsessed with vampires, dating back to the prime-time series 'Dark Shadows,' which I followed avidly as a kid.
I like the idea of dating, but I'm not dating anyone exclusively, particularly right now. It's hard to be in a relationship unless you're ready to go public with it. So it's a lot easier for me to not be in a relationship. I really don't want that part of my life to be tabloid fodder.
I wish I was dating one of the ladies in 'Bollywood Hero.' They're gorgeous. Any of them.
I'm finally dating. It's fun.
Mary Tyler Moore was a working woman whose story lines were not always about dating and men. They were about work friendships and relationships, which is what I feel my adult life has mostly been about.
I'm very open to dating and finding a guy.
Are you kidding? I'm a terrible cook, but John is a really great one. Literally, I never cook. The whole time we were dating, I prepared two officially romantic meals. Both of them were such disasters that he begs me never to go into the kitchen again.
I don't have dating tips.
I have no wisdom to share on dating.
I'm not interested in dating. I like being with my own best friend, me. Certain women, particularly older women, cannot believe I like going to a social event by myself. But I do.
So if I was dating somebody now and the relationship didn't work out, I'd take that as failing.
You know, I had my mother and my father convincing me that he would be going back to Hollywood and he'd be back with the actresses and dating them and that he wasn't serious about me at all. So I had him saying one thing to me and my parents telling me something else.
Dating is different when you get older. You're not as trusting, or as eager to get back out there and expose yourself to someone.
Celebrities say they date other celebrities because they have the same job. But I think they just like dating famous people. Celebrities attract each other, like cattle.
I've always gone out with much younger guys. But I rushed into relationships before really getting to know the person. What would come up as a warning sign within the first two weeks of dating would usually be the exact reason the relationship would end!
Here's the funny thing about the response I've been aware of to my dating famous people: It's been very negative. I'm either not good-looking enough, not a good enough actor or not successful enough for these people.
It's ironic, really. Guys should be excited that I got Kristen Bell. If Brad Pitt gets Kristen Bell, it's like, 'Well, of course he did.' With me, it should be, 'Oh good, a normal-looking guy got her. Maybe I'll get me a Kristen Bell.' But guys hate my guts for always dating women I have no right to be with.
Stuff about me dating Kim Kardashian - I have no idea where that came from and all these other rumors. I don't think I'm that type.
I think feminism's a bit misinterpreted. It was about casting off all gender roles. There's nothing wrong with a man holding a door open for a girl. But we sort of threw away all the rules, so everybody's confused. And dating becomes a sloppy, uncomfortable, unpleasant thing.
The woman I am currently crazy about was a vegetarian for a year until I started dating her. As is the case with most vegetarians, she had never eaten properly prepared meat, only commercially packaged or otherwise abused flesh.
I don't mind dating younger men now.
Women always try to see the one good part of The Weird Guy because the dating landscape is so bleak. Women will say, 'He's very odd, but he likes to cook. He's creepy, but he makes good pancakes!'
I'm opening up my heart to the idea of dating. It's funny - my friends would always come to me for romantic advice. I know nothing, and things have changed since I was dating in high school! I'm really trying hard to spend this time working on myself.
I heard on public radio recently, there's a thing called Weed Dating. Singles get together in a garden and weed and then they take turns, they keep matching up with other people. Two people will weed down one row and switch over with two other people. It's in Vermont. I don't think I'd be very good at Weed Dating.
It was funny actually because that was still during the time we were dating. He would get all these calls because supposedly before we broke up, we had already broken up in the trades, in the rags or whatever.
I've been in plenty of situations where someone I'm dating had more time for a console than me.
I tried to tell them about the dating process because I'm single now and how horrible it is and how many foolish experiences I had had dating. So I was really selling him hard, but the whole time he really wanted me!
I highly suggest marriage to all my friends who are dating.
I am dating, but it is hard to find someone quick enough and funny enough. I am quite demanding.
Years later I would hear my father say the divorce had left him dating his children. That still meant picking us up every Sunday for a matinee and, if he had the money, an early dinner somewhere.
In my own relationships, I know that I should break up with someone who doesn't encourage me to be strong and make my own choices and do what's best in my life, so if you're dating someone who doesn't want you to be the best person you can be, you shouldn't be dating them.
I'm a fan of horrors. I love the ones that make you jump. My girlfriend hates it. I've been dating her for one-and-a-half years and I'm crazy about her, but she's terrified of horror films. Not the cute 'Will you hold me?' way, but she's weeping. With 'House of Wax,' we'll be sleeping and I'll go to the bathroom and she's sitting up waiting for me.
Yeah, I think everybody has the crises of questioning themselves at some point or other in their lives. Is this where I should live? The job I should have? The girl I should be dating? Is this the friend I should have?
I feel like I am a real artist and I want to be able to feel what I am singing about. So when I sing, 'Leave (Get Out),' I have been through that. I think it is just a new generation, whether people are ready for it or not. Teenagers are dating.
Dating and getting attention from boys was something that came later to me.
It's weird to have people so interested in your personal life. It's a part of the business that grosses me out. I'm always bummed out for people who just happen to be dating a celebrity, and they're also famous, and they can't live their life.
My daughter's mother and I are no longer dating, and the people I'm most likely to date are those around me, who are athletes.
I do like dating cynics - they tend to be incredibly funny.
Work takes up a lot of my brain space. So when I work, it's one thing. I don't have a lot of time to think about dating.
I can't wait for my little sisters to start dating, because it will really be fun to pick on their boyfriends.
I'm enjoying dating. I'm single, though, I'm not in a relationship.
I grew up between the two world wars and received a rather solid general education, the kind middle class children enjoyed in a country whose educational system had its roots dating back to the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy.
My original inspiration was my mom: a few years after the death of my dad, she started dating one my teachers!
I think a nice romantic dinner should be saved for when you and the girl you're dating or seeing have something special and it's a more special occasion.
Frankly, the reason I joined MENSA is because I was dating a guy at the time who spoke five languages and could solve a Rubik's Cube literally with his eyes closed because it's just an algorithm.
I don't talk about who I'm dating because when you break up, you wind up reliving it in the media.
I'm the one who's dating the craft-service guy instead of the producer. Plus, if a producer is going to date a hot young thing, I'm probably not the first person on their list - the weird, quirky, funny girl.
I don't really talk about my personal life. It's a strange and funny and weird thing. Sometimes you have a conversation with someone and the paparazzi snaps a picture of you and people decide you're dating. If I try to answer everything people say, I would be up all night.
I was dating a guy that was a huge wrestling fan and I'm embarrassed to say it now but I used to make fun of him for watching it.
I'm a bad dater - I'm just not good at it. It's so weird dating in this town. It's like high school. I get a lot of people who have their publicist call my agent to ask, 'Is she dating anyone?'
The Peking man was a thinking being, standing erect, dating to the beginning of the Ice Age.
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live.
To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent.
The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal.
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.
Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them.
While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.
Life is hard. Then you die. Then they throw dirt in your face. Then the worms eat you. Be grateful it happens in that order.
Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.'
I saw few die of hunger of eating, a hundred thousand.
Death most resembles a prophet who is without honor in his own land or a poet who is a stranger among his people.
Let no one weep for me, or celebrate my funeral with mourning for I still live, as I pass to and fro through the mouths of men.
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
Die, v.: To stop sinning suddenly.
A friend who dies, it's something of you who dies.
No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow.
They tell us that suicide is the greatest piece of cowardice... that suicide is wrong when it is quite obvious that there is nothing in the world to which every man has a more unassailable title than to his own life and person.
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure.
For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity.
A dying man needs to die, as a sleepy man needs to sleep, and there comes a time when it is wrong, as well as useless, to resist.
Dying is easy, it's living that scares me to death.
Death will be a great relief. No more interviews.
I decided to devote my life to telling the story because I felt that having survived I owe something to the dead. and anyone who does not remember betrays them again.
I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.
I've told my children that when I die, to release balloons in the sky to celebrate that I graduated. For me, death is a graduation.
Those who have the strength and the love to sit with a dying patient in the silence that goes beyond words will know that this moment is neither frightening nor painful, but a peaceful cessation of the functioning of the body.
Man always dies before he is fully born.
From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them and that is eternity.
When you're dead, you're dead. That's it.
I had seen birth and death but had thought they were different.
Death is a very dull, dreary affair, and my advice to you is to have nothing whatsoever to do with it.
Because of indifference, one dies before one actually dies.
Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Call no man happy till he is dead.
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.
Cursed is the man who dies, but the evil done by him survives.
A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age he dies of being a man.
Birth and death we all move between these two unknowns.
Some people are so afraid do die that they never begin to live.
Life is better than death, I believe, if only because it is less boring, and because it has fresh peaches in it.
To himself everyone is immortal he may know that he is going to die, but he can never know that he is dead.
Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of kings.
Men fear death as children fear to go in the dark and as that natural fear in children is increased by tales, so is the other.
Since the day of my birth, my death began its walk. It is walking toward me, without hurrying.
It is possible to provide security against other ills, but as far as death is concerned, we men live in a city without walls.
The dead cannot cry out for justice. It is a duty of the living to do so for them.
The timing of death, like the ending of a story, gives a changed meaning to what preceded it.
Of all the gods only death does not desire gifts.
Whenever death may surprise us, let it be welcome if our battle cry has reached even one receptive ear and another hand reaches out to take up our arms.
One death is a tragedy one million is a statistic.
Let us beware of saying that death is the opposite of life. The living being is only a species of the dead, and a very rare species.
Ordinary people seem not to realize that those who really apply themselves in the right way to philosophy are directly and of their own accord preparing themselves for dying and death.
Look, I don't want to wax philosophic, but I will say that if you're alive you've got to flap your arms and legs, you've got to jump around a lot, for life is the very opposite of death, and therefore you must at very least think noisy and colorfully, or you're not alive.
There is no lonelier man in death, except the suicide, than that man who has lived many years with a good wife and then outlived her. If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it.
People living deeply have no fear of death.
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily.
Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time.
The death of a beautiful woman, is unquestionably the most poetical topic in the world.
Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death.
I have thought there was some advantage even in death, by which we mingle with the herd of common men.
At a formal dinner party, the person nearest death should always be seated closest to the bathroom.
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.
Life levels all men. Death reveals the eminent.
If you believe in God, believe in Death Row East.
Absence and death are the same - only that in death there is no suffering.
For centuries the death penalty, often accompanied by barbarous refinements, has been trying to hold crime in check yet crime persists. Why? Because the instincts that are warring in man are not, as the law claims, constant forces in a state of equilibrium.
It is better to risk starving to death then surrender. If you give up on your dreams, what's left?
Men are convinced of your arguments, your sincerity, and the seriousness of your efforts only by your death.
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.
Death is not the worst that can happen to men.
There will one day spring from the brain of science a machine or force so fearful in its potentialities, so absolutely terrifying, that even man, the fighter, who will dare torture and death in order to inflict torture and death, will be appalled, and so abandon war forever.
It is not the end of the physical body that should worry us. Rather, our concern must be to live while we're alive - to release our inner selves from the spiritual death that comes with living behind a facade designed to conform to external definitions of who and what we are.
We get into the habit of living before acquiring the habit of thinking. In that race which daily hastens us towards death, the body maintains its irreparable lead.
Death is not extinguishing the light it is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come.
There will be no lasting peace either in the heart of individuals or in social customs until death is outlawed.
A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumor.
You hear a lot about God these days: God, the beneficent God, the all-great God, the Almighty God, the most powerful God, the giver of life God, the creator of death. I mean, we're hearing about God all the time, so we better learn how to deal with it. But if we know anything about God, God is arbitrary.
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
The safest course is to do nothing against one's conscience. With this secret, we can enjoy life and have no fear from death.
Death solves all problems - no man, no problem.
Death to me means nothing as long as I can die fast.
Bullfighting is the only art in which the artist is in danger of death and in which the degree of brilliance in the performance is left to the fighter's honor.
Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth.
We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality.
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
Achieving life is not the equivalent of avoiding death.
Death is a release from the impressions of the senses, and from desires that make us their puppets, and from the vagaries of the mind, and from the hard service of the flesh.
Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you.
Know one knows whether death, which people fear to be the greatest evil, may not be the greatest good.
Personally, I would be delighted if there were a life after death, especially if it permitted me to continue to learn about this world and others, if it gave me a chance to discover how history turns out.
Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?
I simply can't build my hopes on a foundation of confusion, misery and death... I think... peace and tranquillity will return again.
It is vain for the coward to flee death follows close behind it is only by defying it that the brave escape.
A useless life is an early death.
Dependency is death to initiative, to risk-taking and opportunity. It's time to stop the spread of government dependency and fight it like the poison it is.
Despise not death, but welcome it, for nature wills it like all else.
Give me liberty or give me death.
Death is a commingling of eternity with time in the death of a good man, eternity is seen looking through time.
Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality.
In India we only read about death, sickness, terrorism, crime.
The death of my father is probably the biggest thing that I ever faced. Daddy and I were best friends.
As long as your body is healthy and under control and death is distant, try to save your soul when death is immanent what can you do?
We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.
If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.
I'm not afraid of death, but I'm in no hurry to die. I have so much I want to do first.
Death, like birth, is a secret of Nature.
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
An unused life is an early death.
Justifying conscription to promote the cause of liberty is one of the most bizarre notions ever conceived by man! Forced servitude, with the risk of death and serious injury as a price to live free, makes no sense.
Death is not an event in life: we do not live to experience death. If we take eternity to mean not infinite temporal duration but timelessness, then eternal life belongs to those who live in the present.
If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character, would you slow down? Or speed up?
When we have lost everything, including hope, life becomes a disgrace, and death a duty.
Whether you like it or not, you're forced to come to the realisation that death is out there. But I don't fear death, I'm a fatalist. I believe when it's your time, that's it. It's the hand you're dealt.
In our brief national history we have shot four of our presidents, worried five of them to death, impeached one and hounded another out of office. And when all else fails, we hold an election and assassinate their character.
There's something about death that is comforting. The thought that you could die tomorrow frees you to appreciate your life now.
I've been looking at some video clips on YouTube of President Obama - then candidate Obama - going through Iowa making promises. The gap between his promises and his performance is the largest I've seen, well, since the Kardashian wedding and the promise of 'til death do we part.
Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankind And therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls it tolls for thee.
The death of democracy is not likely to be an assassination from ambush. It will be a slow extinction from apathy, indifference, and undernourishment.
Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death.
Prohibit the taking of omens, and do away with superstitious doubts. Then, until death itself comes, no calamity need be feared.
There is no such thing as inner peace. There is only nervousness or death. Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behavior.
After your death you will be what you were before your birth.
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem.
Death is a distant rumor to the young.
Foolish men imagine that because judgment for an evil thing is delayed, there is no justice but only accident here below. Judgment for an evil thing is many times delayed some day or two, some century or two, but it is sure as life, it is sure as death.
He who is the author of a war lets loose the whole contagion of hell and opens a vein that bleeds a nation to death.
Drown in a cold vat of whiskey? Death, where is thy sting?
I know not what others may choose but, as for me, give me liberty or give me death.
Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death.
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
The U.S. couldn't even get rid of Saddam Hussein. And we all know that the EU is just a passing fad. They'll be killing each other again in less than a year. I'm sick to death of all these fascist lawsuits.
I have more than once in my time woken up feeling like death.
No true believer could be intolerant or a persecutor. If I were a magistrate and the law carried the death penalty against atheists, I would begin by sending to the stake whoever denounced another.
The fear of death comes from limited awareness.
I went to medical school because I wanted to ask the big questions. Do we have a soul? Does God exist? What happens after death?
Every spiritual tradition has this idea of death and resurrection. It's not unique to Christianity.
All I want is a gentleman. I'm sick to bloody death of bastards.
Crucial to understanding federalism in modern day America is the concept of mobility, or 'the ability to vote with your feet.' If you don't support the death penalty and citizens packing a pistol - don't come to Texas. If you don't like medicinal marijuana and gay marriage, don't move to California.
It is impossible that anything so natural, so necessary, and so universal as death, should ever have been designed by providence as an evil to mankind.
Communism possesses a language which every people can understand - its elements are hunger, envy, and death.
Death is the liberator of him whom freedom cannot release, the physician of him whom medicine cannot cure, and the comforter of him whom time cannot console.
Death is one moment, and life is so many of them.
A pun does not commonly justify a blow in return. But if a blow were given for such cause, and death ensued, the jury would be judges both of the facts and of the pun, and might, if the latter were of an aggravated character, return a verdict of justifiable homicide.
Man, as long as he lives, is immortal. One minute before his death he shall be immortal. But one minute later, God wins.
Death obsesses me, yes it does. I can't really understand why it doesn't obsess everyone - I think it does really, I'm just a little more out about it.
Prepare a noble death song for the day when you go over the great divide.
The nearer people approach old age the closer they return to a semblance of childhood, until the time comes for them to depart this life, again like children, neither tired of living nor aware of death.
Like all of us in this storm between birth and death, I can wreak no great changes on the world, only small changes for the better, I hope, in the lives of those I love.
It is a sign of creeping inner death when we can no longer praise the living.
Football (soccer) is a matter of life and death, except more important.
Death is not the biggest fear we have our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive - the risk to be alive and express what we really are.
I never really got on that well with Yoko anyway. Strangely enough, I only started to get to know her after John's death.
The rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated.
Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death.
Those who welcome death have only tried it from the ears up.
I mean in the South African case, many of those who were part of death squads would have been respectable members of their white community, people who went to church on Sunday, every Sunday.
An evil life is a kind of death.
Death is less bitter punishment than death's delay.
My life comes down to three moments: the death of my father, meeting my husband, and the birth of my daughter. Everything I did previous to that just doesn't seem to add up to very much.
How strange this fear of death is! We are never frightened at a sunset.
I feel monotony and death to be almost the same.
Whether or not we believe in survival of consciousness after death, reincarnation, and karma, it has very serious implications for our behavior.
A man may devote himself to death and destruction to save a nation but no nation will devote itself to death and destruction to save mankind.
We want our idols to be dead because it makes death a much less scary place.
Not the torturer will scare me, nor the body's final fall, nor the barrels of death's rifles, nor the shadows on the wall, nor the night when to the ground the last dim star of pain, is hurled but the blind indifference of a merciless, unfeeling world.
Only a humanity to whom death has become as indifferent as its members, that has itself died, can inflict it administratively on innumerable people.
Normality is death.
Birth was the death of him.
Death is the sound of distant thunder at a picnic.
Death is easier than a wretched life and better never to have born than to live and fare badly.
When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
Generosity during life is a very different thing from generosity in the hour of death one proceeds from genuine liberality and benevolence, the other from pride or fear.
An 'unemployed' existence is a worse negation of life than death itself.
Faithfulness to the past can be a kind of death above ground. Writing of the past is a resurrection the past then lives in your words and you are free.
As far as thinking about death and murder and various ways of killing people and how people die... I probably have the most twisted mind in Slayer.
It has ever been since time began, and ever will be, till time lose breath, that love is a mood - no more - to man, and love to a woman is life or death.
Poor Georgia O'Keeffe. Death didn't soften the opinions of the art world toward her paintings.
And yet, I suppose you mourn the loss or the death of what you thought your life was, even if you find your life is better after. You mourn the future that you thought you'd planned.
Death is the veil which those who live call life They sleep, and it is lifted.
Death is an absolute marvel.
We live in grief for having left the womb, for having left the teat, then school, then home. In my case, it was leaving marriages, and the death of my wife.
Madness need not be all breakdown. It may also be break-through. It is potential liberation and renewal as well as enslavement and existential death.
Success is like death. The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higer the fences get.
Once you start doing only what you've already proven you can do, you're on the road to death.
Death gives us sleep, eternal youth, and immortality.
All societies on the verge of death are masculine. A society can survive with only one man no society will survive a shortage of women.
Death is softer by far than tyranny.
For children preserve the fame of a man after his death.
Smiles, tears, of all my life! - and, if God choose, I shall but love thee better after death.
Being an old maid is like death by drowning, a really delightful sensation after you cease to struggle.
Pain and death are part of life. To reject them is to reject life itself.
McVeigh's lawyer got him the death penalty, which, quite frankly, I could have done.
I don't want to get into the 'who's a hostage-taker' discussion here, but what is the estate tax? It's a double tax on death. Economists will tell you that it's really not a tax that soaks the rich, but it's a tax on capital that deprives business investment and therefore job creation.
Do not seek death. Death will find you. But seek the road which makes death a fulfillment.
Life is a great sunrise. I do not see why death should not be an even greater one.
Every parting is a form of death, as every reunion is a type of heaven.
An important consequence of freeing oneself from the fear of death is a radical opening to spirituality of a universal and non-denominational type.
Man has but three events in his life: to be born, to live, and to die. He is not conscious of his birth, he suffers at his death and he forgets to live.
Rock and menopause do not mix. It is not good, it sucks and every day I fight it to the death, or, at the very least, not let it take me over.
Death was like love, a romantic escape.
We have abolished the death penalty for humans, so why should it continue for animals?
I don't believe in life after death. But I do believe in some grinding destiny that watches over us on earth. If I didn't, the safety valve would give and the boiler would explode.
No society has been able to abolish human sadness, no political system can deliver us from the pain of living, from our fear of death, our thirst for the absolute. It is the human condition that directs the social condition, not vice versa.
A text of Tibetan Buddhism describes the time of death as a unique opportunity for spiritual liberation from the cycles of death and rebirth and a period that determines our next incarnation.
Life and death are important. Don't suffer them in vain.
The acceptance of death gives you more of a stake in life, in living life happily, as it should be lived. Living for the moment.
That which is so universal as death must be a benefit.
The call of death is a call of love. Death can be sweet if we answer it in the affirmative, if we accept it as one of the great eternal forms of life and transformation.
What is the value of sticking a microphone in a man's face right after he has learned of his wife's death?
I offer neither pay, nor quarters, nor food I offer only hunger, thirst, forced marches, battles and death. Let him who loves his country with his heart, and not merely with his lips, follow me.
I think about death a lot, like I think we all do. I don't think of suicide as an option, but as fun. It's an interesting idea that you can control how you go. It's this thing that's looming, and you can control it.
The wages of sin are death, but by the time taxes are taken out, it's just sort of a tired feeling.
Not ignorance, but ignorance of ignorance, is the death of knowledge.
I believe that his death and resurrection transformed humanity's relationship with God.
Islam is a religion of success. Unlike Christianity, which has as its main image, in the west at least, a man dying in a devastating, disgraceful, helpless death.
Become an internationalist and learn to respect all life. Make war on machines. And in particular the sterile machines of corporate death and the robots that guard them.
Does not the very word 'creative' mean to build, to initiate, to give out, to act - rather than to be acted upon, to be subjective? Living photography is positive in its approach, it sings a song of life - not death.
Death is an absolute mystery. We are all vulnerable to it, it's what makes life interesting and suspenseful.
It's just as idiotic to say there is no life after death as it is to say there is one.
Knowing how to die is knowing how to live. What is death anyway? It's the outcome of life.
When I did 'Bumble-ardy,' I was so intensely aware of death. Eugene, my friend and partner, was dying here in the house when I did 'Bumble-ardy'. I did 'Bumble-ardy' to save myself. I did not want to die with him. I wanted to live, as any human being does.
I'm not afraid of death.
The distinctions of fine art bore me to death.
As a kid, all I thought about was death.
When theater becomes a soothing middle-class thing, when it's packaged as the Night Out, then that's the death of it.
Living is a sickness to which sleep provides relief every sixteen hours. It's a palliative. The remedy is death.
Monarchs ought to put to death the authors and instigators of war, as their sworn enemies and as dangers to their states.
Death is a delightful hiding place for weary men.
The enemy fought with savage fury, and met death with all its horrors, without shrinking or complaining: not one asked to be spared, but fought as long as they could stand or sit.
I know I'm drinking myself to a slow death, but then I'm in no hurry.
For days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow, but phone calls taper off.
It is a horrible fact that we can read in the daily paper, without interrupting our breakfast, numerical reckonings of death and destruction that ought to break our hearts or scare us out of our wits.
I've always been scared to death of pain - afraid, even, to think of it.
Policemen so cherish their status as keepers of the peace and protectors of the public that they have occasionally been known to beat to death those citizens or groups who question that status.
At a certain age, death becomes familiar to you-or a loss becomes familiar-the tragedies that are more commonplace in life.
Loved. You can't use it in the past tense. Death does not stop that love at all.
Have an earnestness for death and you will have life.
There is no harm in patience, and no profit in lamentation. Death is easier to bear (than) that which precedes it, and more severe than that which comes after it. Remember the death of the Apostle of God, and your sorrow will be lessened.
You can cry about death and very properly so, your own as well as anybody else's. But it's inevitable, so you'd better grapple with it and cope and be aware that not only is it inevitable, but it has always been inevitable, if you see what I mean.
Sinful and forbidden pleasures are like poisoned bread they may satisfy appetite for the moment, but there is death in them at the end.
I'm very comfortable with the nature of life and death, and that we come to an end. What's most difficult to imagine is that those dreams and early yearnings and desires of childhood and adolescence will also disappear. But who knows? Maybe you become part of the eternal whatever.
If you make every game a life and death proposition, you're going to have problems. For one thing, you'll be dead a lot.
It's an incredible con job when you think about it, to believe something now in exchange for something after death. Even corporations with their reward systems don't try to make it posthumous.
Yes, people pull the trigger - but guns are the instrument of death. Gun control is necessary, and delay means more death and horror.
Disease, insanity, and death were the angels that attended my cradle, and since then have followed me throughout my life.
People always say that pregnant women have a glow. And I say it's because you're sweating to death.
The end of the animal trade would leave more time to trap or beat to death pop star wannabes.
We are weak, writing is difficult, but for my own sake I do not regret this journey, which has shown that Englishmen can endure hardships, help one another, and meet death with as great a fortitude as ever in the past.
The sole equality on earth is death.
I put for the general inclination of all mankind, a perpetual and restless desire of power after power, that ceaseth only in death.
Without fullness of experience, length of days is nothing. When fullness of life has been achieved, shortness of days is nothing. That is perhaps why the young have usually so little fear of death they live by intensities that the elderly have forgotten.
I intend to leave after my death a large fund for the promotion of the peace idea, but I am skeptical as to its results.
Sleep is lovely, death is better still, not to have been born is of course the miracle.
Life isn't fair. It's just fairer than death, that's all.
I feel like I don't watch that many shows with death.
Consciousness after death demonstrates the possibility of consciousness operating independently of the body.
Whenever I watch TV and see those poor starving kids all over the world, I can't help but cry. I mean I'd love to be skinny like that, but not with all those flies and death and stuff.
When applied to politics and taken to its extreme, kitsch is the mask of death. Fascism was all aesthetics. There was no core principle to it. There was no truth to it.
All interest in disease and death is only another expression of interest in life.
I love this pedal to death. The only way you could keep me from playing one is by chopping off my legs!
Even when you're making a movie about life, death is a presence, and I guess it's part of my dramatic viewpoint. I'm not sure why exactly. Maybe I'm drawn to it as a story element.
Once a disease has entered the body, all parts which are healthy must fight it: not one alone, but all. Because a disease might mean their common death. Nature knows this and Nature attacks the disease with whatever help she can muster.
People can undergo a sudden change of thinking and loyalties under threat of death or intense social pressure and isolation from friends and family.
It's not the normal way to look at things but I experienced death at a really young age and because of that it's been part of my mental landscape that death is really very possible.
I made a supreme effort not to do that thing that parents do, which is to bore people without children to death by going on and on about how funny their children are, so there's none of that hopefully.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
Death, the final, triumphant lover.
I believe that people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.
For three days after death, hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
My brother was a great favorite with everybody, and his death cast a gloom upon the whole neighborhood.
So for twelve miles I rode with Sherman, and we became fast friends. He asked me all manner of questions on the way, and I found that he knew my father well, and remembered his tragic death in Salt Creek Valley.
Tears are sometimes an inappropriate response to death. When a life has been lived completely honestly, completely successfully, or just completely, the correct response to death's perfect punctuation mark is a smile.
Life can't defeat a writer who is in love with writing, for life itself is a writer's lover until death.
When sudden death takes a president, opportunities for new beginnings flourish among the ambitious and the tensions among such people can be dramatic, as they were when President Kennedy was killed.
Death is the final wake-up call.
As the fly bangs against the window attempting freedom while the door stands open, so we bang against death ignoring heaven.
I am bound to add that the excess in too little has ever proved in me more dangerous than the excess in too much the last may cause indigestion, but the first causes death.
To appear on the stage drunk, to have them leave there and remember me making drunken mistakes, that was death.
We have a limit, a very discouraging, humiliating limit: death.
A face to lose youth for, to occupy age With the dream of, meet death with.
I think the amazing thing about gospel music is that not only does it lift up the death and resurrection of our Lord, which is consistent with the Gospel, but it is uniquely communicated depending upon the generation.
There are certain people that are marked for death. I have my little list of those that treated me unfairly.
Judged by the law of England, I know this crime entails upon me the penalty of death but the history of Ireland explains that crime and justifies it.
We do not choose the day of our birth nor may we choose the day of our death, yet choice is the sovereign faculty of the mind.
But there is a difference here: When Jewish children are murdered, Arabs celebrate the deed. The death of an Arab child is no cause for celebration in Israel.
Failure too is a form of death.
We know the road to freedom has always been stalked by death.
The thing about death is that it's honest.
I think the way we talk about cancer has really evolved. I remember the way my grandmother used to talk about it, like a death sentence, no-one would even mention the word.
I really enjoy theater. I just went to see 'Death of a Salesman,' and it knocked me on my ass.
My mother was the sweetest lady who ever lived on this planet, but if you tried to tell her that Jesus wasn't a Christian, she would stomp you to death.
The disembodied spirit is immortal there is nothing of it that can grow old or die. But the embodied spirit sees death on the horizon as soon as its day dawns.
Constantly risking absurdity and death whenever he performs above the heads of his audience, the poet, like an acrobat, climbs on rhyme to a high wire of his own making.
I'm more afraid of marriage than death.
Pay mind to your own life, your own health, and wholeness. A bleeding heart is of no help to anyone if it bleeds to death.
I get scared to death when I see people who say they've found Jesus Christ, and they're out there, and I wonder, who's teaching them? Who's mentoring them?
To say yes, you have to sweat and roll up your sleeves and plunge both hands into life up to the elbows. It is easy to say no, even if saying no means death.
Giving is good, but taking is bad and brings death.
Death is the sanction of everything the story-teller can tell. He has borrowed his authority from death.
I'm not afraid of death. It's the stake one puts up in order to play the game of life.
To eat bread without hope is still slowly to starve to death.
Art has two constant, two unending concerns: It always meditates on death and thus always creates life. All great, genuine art resembles and continues the Revelation of St John.
I mean, death is a serious thing, certainly not to be sneezed at.
Long hair is an unpardonable offence which should be punishable by death.
Men should be bewailed at their birth, and not at their death.
We are now operating a school system in America that's more segregated than at any time since the death of Martin Luther King.
In my solitude I have pondered much on the incomprehensible subjects of space, eternity, life and death.
It is love, not reason, that is stronger than death.
The only religious way to think of death is as part and parcel of life.
Death Valley is really wide-open - it's bigger than Rhode Island - and it's less a part of California than an ungoverned territory, so there's lots of weird cops-and-robbers stuff going on.
Even when you're making a movie about life, death is a presence, and I guess it's part of my dramatic viewpoint. I'm not sure why exactly.
Lidia Bastianich, sorry, but kind of boring. I mean, I love Lidia, but you can fall asleep watching her. And Mario Batali? I love Mario to death... but he's not romantic or sensual. Those are the things I bring to the table.
To a billion people around the world surviving on just a dollar a day, the question of what to eat tonight is more about life and death than about recipes. The struggle of poor people around the globe weighs heavily on me, especially now that I am a mother, which is why I work with Oxfam.
I think Prince should open up a little more to other artists. Just because we love Prince. Especially the old stuff - we love him to death. But if he opened up he would be something to deal with. Imagine Kanye West producing a Prince track? It would be banoodles!
Death ends a life, not a relationship.
We march and fight, to death or on to victory. Our might is right, no traitors shall prevail. Our hearts are steeled against the fiery gates of hell. No shot or shell, can still our mighty song.
Fear was absolutely necessary. Without it, I would have been scared to death.
Death is an endless night so awful to contemplate that it can make us love life and value it with such passion that it may be the ultimate cause of all joy and all art.
I mean, Sting is one of my great buddies and I love him to death.
But the issue is not only life and death but our existence before God and our being judged by him. All of us were sinners before him and worthy of condemnation.
There's really no such thing as the agony of dying. I'm quite sure that pain is shut off at the moment of death. You see, something happens when the body knows it's about to go. Peptide hormones are released by cells in the hypothalamus and pituitary gland. Endorphins. They attach themselves to the cells responsible for feeling pain.
A lot of people fear death because they think that so overwhelming an experience has to be painful, but I've seen quite a few deaths, and, with one exception, I've never known anyone to undergo anything like agony. That's amazing when you think about it. I mean, how complicated the mechanism is that's being taken apart.
So we mustn't lower our guard in any sense because of what has happened in terms of the death of Osama Bin Laden and we are certainly not doing that. The terror threat level here in the U.K. remains at severe and we're very conscious of the need to continue that.
Death gives meaning to our lives. It gives importance and value to time. Time would become meaningless if there were too much of it.
If we can't face death, we'll never overcome it. You have to look it straight in the eye. Then you can turn around and walk back out into the light.
Marriage can be viewed as the waiting room for death.
I can choose to accelerate my disease to an alcoholic death or incurable insanity, or I can choose to live within my thoroughly human condition.
I've always had bronchitis. I've been administered the Sacrament of Death three times for it.
It is education that will arm us with the tools that will enable us to succeed and put a stop to the rising rates of preventable death.
Most of us harbour a significant amount of subconscious fear about death, and act out of this fear in our daily lives.
War is not the only arena where peace is done to death.
I am against the death penalty.
My father was against the death penalty, and that was hard in the Son of Sam summer when fear was driving the desire for the death penalty.
The need to understand prescription information can literally be a matter of life and death.
Movies like that aren't about the visual effects and explosions. They're human stories about family, about life, about death.
To awake from death is to die in peace.
Death is feared as birth is forgotten.
When death has you by the throat, you don't mince words.
Should I perchance still feel after my death, I would no longer have any doubt, but I would most certainly give the lie to anyone asserting before me that I was dead.
If death is in the room, it's pretty interesting. But I would also say that I'm interested in getting myself to believe that it's going to happen to me. I'm interested in it, because if you're not, you're nuts. It's really de facto what we're here to find out about.
A man whose life has been dishonourable is not entitled to escape disgrace in death.
My father I liked, but it was only after his death that I got to know him by writing the play.
In Seattle, I soon found that my radical ideas and aesthetic explorations - ideas and explorations that in Richmond, Virginia, might have gotten me stoned to death with hush puppies - were not only accepted but occasionally applauded.
Coming to terms with the fear of death is conducive to healing, positive personality transformation, and consciousness evolution.
Liberty for wolves is death to the lambs.
I think one thing that kids who grow up on farms really have going for them is they have exposure to death and birth in a totally different way. I think it takes away a little bit of the mystery and a little bit of the fear, and I do wish I had that. And I wish I was able to grow my own food.
I now bid farewell to the country of my birth - of my passions - of my death a country whose misfortunes have invoked my sympathies - whose factions I sought to quell - whose intelligence I prompted to a lofty aim - whose freedom has been my fatal dream.
The death of anti-gay hate speech is no doubt being hastened by the head-spinning speed with which gays as a group - to say nothing of gay marriage - are becoming an unremarkable and even quite traditional parts of American life.
Our birth is nothing but our death begun, As tapers waste the moment they take fire.
Virtue alone has majesty in death.
Less base the fear of death than fear of life.
Life is the desert, life the solitude, death joins us to the great majority.
I am one who believes that one of the greatest dangers of advertising is not that of misleading people, but that of boring them to death.
People are scared to death of dying. I am the opposite.
People on death row, the treatment of animals, women's right to choose. So much in America is based on religious fundamentalist Christianity. Grow up! This is the modern world!
It is long since I could have adventured on eternity, through God's mercy and Christ's merits but death remained somewhat terrible, and that now is taken away and now death is no more to me, but to cast myself into my husband's arms, and to lie down with Him.
Fear not and the God of mercies grant a full gale and a fair entry into His kingdom, which may carry sweetly and swiftly over the bar, that you find not the rub of death.
I wish to be a martyr, and I don't fear death.
Death has always had a prominent place in my mind. There are times when I think somebody might kill me.
I looked Death right in the face.
We are all of us resigned to death: it's life we aren't resigned to.
The approach of death certainly concentrates the mind.
Fear of death has never played a large part in my consciousness - perhaps unimaginative of me.
I might be deceiving myself but I do not think that I do have an inordinate fear of death.
We see death constantly on film.
For a culture that has such a problem with death, we seem to deal with it in a quite bizarre way. We see people shot, killed and blown up, and we find it funny and sexy and all those things. But, the reality of it is that every day people die, and people are really sad and they grieve and they go through a really difficult process with it.
When we have done our best, we can, as a united people, take whatever may befall with calm courage and confidence that this old nation will survive and if death should come to many of us, death is not the end.
I think to have the skill set and the ability to physically help others in matters of life and death must be incredibly empowering.
I don't think of death in a romantic way anymore.
To have been torn from the study would have been as death my time was entirely occupied with art.
When I was younger, I wasn't concentrating on good days. I was managing a career and trying to have a good year. It would always 'lead' to something, which never leads to anything except death, where everything leads to. And then as I got older, and then I had my kids and everything, I began to appreciate a great Wednesday.
If you wish to make a man look noble, your best course is to kill him. What superiority he may have inherited from his race, what superiority nature may have personally gifted him with, comes out in death.
Death is the ugly fact which Nature has to hide, and she hides it well.
I like death. I'm a big fan of it.
It's certain that the death of an actor can be on a television screen playing the same thing every week.
In these dangerous times, where it seems the world is ripping apart at the seams, we can all learn how to survive from those who stare death squarely in the face every day, and we should reach out to each other and bond as a community, rather than hide from the terrors of life at the end of the millennium.
Between our birth and death we may touch understanding, As a moth brushes a window with its wing.
Washington, not Jefferson, freed his slaves upon his death.
There are some people who walk into a room and they oxygenate it, by their very being there's fresh air. Then there are those who come in with the smell of death and they suck the life out.
Patrick Henry did not say, 'Give me absolutely safety or give me death.' America is supposed to be about freedom.
Lots of people there seemed to be in denial, in absolute denial, of death - everybody's pretending that death doesn't happen in L.A. if you do enough exercise and take enough wheatgrass and have your pill every day, you might not die.
On the basis of biological, sociological, and historical knowledge, we should recognize that the individual self is subject to death or decay, but the sum total of individual achievement, for better or worse, lives on in the immortality of The Larger.
I just don't get death at all. Yes, it's there. But I don't get it.
I can't let my mother's death have been in vain. Democracy is the best revenge, and we will have it.
You should celebrate the end of a love affair as they celebrate death in New Orleans, with songs, laughter, dancing and a lot of wine.
Nothing is a matter of life and death except life and death.
He killed his enemies because he was afraid they would kill him. Amin ordered entire tribes to be put to death, because he feared they would rebel.
It's funny, though, speaking of fathers and sons, because me and John Goodman played father and son, like, five or six years ago in the film 'Death Sentence,' and I got back with him again in 'Inside Llewyn Davis.'
You know, I've never actually really believed that death is inevitable. I just think it's a rumor.
I rely on guns for protection in life. God does not say, 'This is la-la land.' God doesn't say, 'Welcome to Earth. Everything's perfect. There's no crime. There's no murder. There's no death.' The world is imperfect, and you have to be on guard.
I don't want to hear about my death.
The situation in the United States is becoming more dire for average ordinary Americans and the last thing we need to do is to spend money on death, destruction and war.
Death doesn't frighten me now I can think peacefully of ending a long life.
Defeat the fear of death and you welcome the death of fear.
The illness, and the untimely death of my brothers, has made me conscious of the fact that - rather than just think about it - it's crucial that you do today what you want to do.
The cult of the individual is killing us. I think Twitter signals the death of western civilisation, but people have been saying that since Demosthenes.
You realize that however much you don't think about death - or think that's for other people - you're just an organism living from day to day. I'm just grateful I'm here.
I think about death a lot, I really do, because I can't believe I won't exist. It's the ego isn't it? I feel that I should retreat into a better form of Zen Buddhism than this kind of ego-dominated thing. But I don't know, I mean, I want to come back as a tree but I suspect that it's just not going to happen, is it?
The die is set and Malcolm will not escape for the foolish talk he spoke against his benefactor, such a man, is worthy of death, and it would have been so, were it not for Muhammad's confidence that God would give him the victory over the enemies.
Any film which views the darker side of life, which is death with a sense of humor, is very much to my taste.
My death, taking the light from my eyes, gives back to the day the purity which they soiled.
Here's a thing about the death of your mother, or anyone else you love: You can't anticipate how you'll feel afterward. People will tell you a few may be close to right, none exactly right.
It is not death, but dying, which is terrible.
I believe the death of Bobby Kennedy was in many ways the death of decency in America. I think it was the death of manners and formality, the death of poetry and the death of a dream.
When I was on a major label I felt obliged to say yes to every interview, tour and whatever else. The label is always telling you, 'This ain't going to last,' so I worked myself half to death. I learnt from that and I like to pace myself now.
Most of the debate over the cultures of death and life is about process. The debate focuses on the technology available to determine how we prolong life and how and when we end it.
If you think aficionados of a living Constitution want to bring you flexibility, think again. You think the death penalty is a good idea? Persuade your fellow citizens to adopt it. You want a right to abortion? Persuade your fellow citizens and enact it. That's flexibility.
Death is a very important part of life.
Not all moral issues have the same moral weight as abortion and euthanasia. There may be legitimate diversity of opinion even among Catholics about waging war and applying the death penalty, but not... with regard to abortion and euthanasia.
Depakote also has a really bad side effect, which is death.
As a reward for their efforts, however, those early Christians were beaten, stoned to death, thrown to the lions, tortured and crucified. Every conceivable method was used to stop them from talking.
The death penalty is being applied in the United States as a fatal lottery.
I was in two episodes playing Christopher Reeve's character's emissary. They wanted to have my character announce Dr Swan's death, which I thought was exploitative.
Planning to play: that's what saving for retirement is today - and it is antithetical to the nature of play, fully within the definition of work, and blissfully ignorant of the reality of death.
I'm not on the run from anything and I'm not at all clear about what I'm running towards. But as some great writer put it, I want to be certain that when I arrive at death, I'm totally exhausted.
So here is one of my theories on happiness: we cannot know if we have lived a truly happy life until the very end. This view of life and death was reinforced by my close witnessing of the buildup to the death of Philip Gould. Philip was without doubt my closest friend in politics. When he died, I felt like I had lost a limb.
What we think of as our sensitivity is only the higher evolution of terror in a poor dumb beast. We suffer for nothing. Our own death wish is our only real tragedy.
I start thinking about life after death. I've got to quit thinking about it because it's very deep. Very deep. Sometimes you start thinking about it, and you don't feel like you want to be alive, so I don't like to get all quiet.
When we are dealing with death we are constantly being dragged down by the event: Humor diverts our attention and lifts our sagging spirits.
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.
The artist in me cries out for design.
A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Sometimes I can't figure designers out. It's as if they flunked human anatomy.
Many things difficult to design prove easy to performance.
I would be most content if my children grew up to be the kind of people who think decorating consists mostly of building enough bookshelves.
Design is the method of putting form and content together. Design, just as art, has multiple definitions there is no single definition. Design can be art. Design can be aesthetics. Design is so simple, that's why it is so complicated.
I don't design clothes, I design dreams.
Designers are very fickle. I never wanted to be a victim of that. You're in one minute, out the next.
Good design is good business.
Design must reflect the practical and aesthetic in business but above all... good design must primarily serve people.
The urge for good design is the same as the urge to go on living.
It is only after years of preparation that the young artist should touch color - not color used descriptively, that is, but as a means of personal expression.
Everyone designs who devises courses of action aimed at changing existing situations into preferred ones.
Some men give up their designs when they have almost reached the goal While others, on the contrary, obtain a victory by exerting, at the last moment, more vigorous efforts than ever before.
The details are the very source of expression in architecture. But we are caught in a vice between art and the bottom line.
Sacred spaces can be created in any environment.
Design works if it's authentic, inspired, and has a clear point of view. It can't be a collection of input.
Perhaps believing in good design is like believing in God, it makes you an optimist.
Delay always breeds danger and to protract a great design is often to ruin it.
Luck is the residue of design.
Color does not add a pleasant quality to design - it reinforces it.
Good buildings come from good people, ad all problems are solved by good design.
I design for real people. I think of our customers all the time. There is no virtue whatsoever in creating clothing or accessories that are not practical.
Recognizing the need is the primary condition for design.
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.
Every contrivance of man, every tool, every instrument, every utensil, every article designed for use, of each and every kind, evolved from a very simple beginnings.
Design is not for philosophy it's for life.
To whom does design address itself: to the greatest number, to the specialist of an enlightened matter, to a privileged social class? Design addresses itself to the need.
This is what I like about being a designer: You can't really get it until you see it.
To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past.
When I design buildings, I think of the overall composition, much as the parts of a body would fit together. On top of that, I think about how people will approach the building and experience that space.
A good designer must rely on experience, on precise, logic thinking and on pedantic exactness. No magic will do.
Design is everything. Everything!
I like the body. I like to design everything to do with the body.
The primary factor is proportions.
I design for the woman who loves being a woman.
Good design doesn't date.
I think it's really important to design things with a kind of personality.
Accessible design is good design.
In my opinion, no single design is apt to be optimal for everyone.
The proper study of mankind is the science of design.
So, to really execute design in its highest form and making people feel joy, that's a great reward.
What is design? It's where you stand with a foot in two worlds - the world of technology and the world of people and human purposes - and you try to bring the two together.
Design is people.
A designer is only as good as the star who wears her clothes.
The design of each element should be thought out in order to be easy to make and easy to repair.
I don't start with a design objective, I start with a communication objective. I feel my project is successful if it communicates what it is supposed to communicate.
I would think twice about designing stuff for which there was no need and which didn't endure.
Design is an unknown.
Designs of purely arbitrary nature cannot be expected to last long.
Outside of the chair, the teapot is the most ubiquitous and important design element in the domestic environment and almost everyone who has tackled the world of design has ended up designing one.
To design is to communicate clearly by whatever means you can control or master.
Great designers seldom make great advertising men, because they get overcome by the beauty of the picture - and forget that merchandise must be sold.
Design is directed toward human beings. To design is to solve human problems by identifying them and executing the best solution.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future it is something you design for the present.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
A lot of people in our industry haven't had very diverse experiences. So they don't have enough dots to connect, and they end up with very linear solutions without a broad perspective on the problem. The broader one's understanding of the human experience, the better design we will have.
Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it's really how it works.
If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life.
Design is the fundamental soul of a man-made creation that ends up expressing itself in successive outer layers of the product or service. The iMac is not just the color or translucence or the shape of the shell. The essence of the iMac is to be the finest possible consumer computer in which each element plays together.
In most people's vocabularies, design means veneer. It's interior decorating. It's the fabric of the curtains and the sofa. But to me, nothing could be further from the meaning of design.
The design of the Mac wasn't what it looked like, although that was part of it. Primarily, it was how it worked. To design something really well, you have to get it. You have to really grok what it's all about. It takes a passionate commitment to really thoroughly understand something, chew it up, not just quickly swallow it.
I paint mostly from real life. It has to start with that. Real people, real street scenes, behind the curtain scenes, live models, paintings, photographs, staged setups, architecture, grids, graphic design. Whatever it takes to make it work.
Since when has the world of computer software design been about what people want? This is a simple question of evolution. The day is quickly coming when every knee will bow down to a silicon fist, and you will all beg your binary gods for mercy.
In giving us children, God places us in a position of both leadership and service. He calls us to give up our lives for someone else's sake - to abandon our own desires and put our child's interests first. Yet, according to His perfect design, it is through this selflessness that we can become truly fulfilled.
Let it be your constant method to look into the design of people's actions, and see what they would be at, as often as it is practicable and to make this custom the more significant, practice it first upon yourself.
The computer can't tell you the emotional story. It can give you the exact mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows.
I always consider the settlement of America with reverence and wonder, as the opening of a grand scene and design in providence, for the illumination of the ignorant and the emancipation of the slavish part of mankind all over the earth.
The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil, no good, nothing but blind, pitiless indifference.
A good scientist is a person with original ideas. A good engineer is a person who makes a design that works with as few original ideas as possible. There are no prima donnas in engineering.
Obviously, I come from one background, and the people that design fitness equipment have been doing it for years and years, and they know what works and doesn't work.
As all human beings are, in my view, creatures of God's design, we must respect all other human beings. That does not mean I have to agree with their choices or agree with their opinions, but indeed I respect them as human beings.
Books are but waste paper unless we spend in action the wisdom we get from thought - asleep. When we are weary of the living, we may repair to the dead, who have nothing of peevishness, pride, or design in their conversation.
Though men are apt to flatter and exalt themselves with their great achievements, yet these are, in truth, very often owing not so much to design as chance.
I did not direct my life. I didn't design it. I never made decisions. Things always came up and made them for me. That's what life is.
Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.
Design can never be an ultimate explanation for anything. It can only be a proximate explanation. A plane or a car is explained by a designer but that's because the designer himself, the engineer, is explained by natural selection.
Designing is my hobby. If I didn't do what I do for a living - at some point when I don't do this for a living - I'll probably just do design work. I love finding really special pieces of furniture.
An image is not simply a trademark, a design, a slogan or an easily remembered picture. It is a studiously crafted personality profile of an individual, institution, corporation, product or service.
Graphic design is the paradise of individuality, eccentricity, heresy, abnormality, hobbies and humors.
Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus.
We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams.
I really see myself continuing to design clothes, fragrances.
At the University of Maryland, my first year I started off planning to major in art because I was interested in theatre design, stage design or television design.
How can you look at the Texas legislature and still believe in intelligent design?
Design in art, is a recognition of the relation between various things, various elements in the creative flux. You can't invent a design. You recognize it, in the fourth dimension. That is, with your blood and your bones, as well as with your eyes.
Good design begins with honesty, asks tough questions, comes from collaboration and from trusting your intuition.
I don't act, I don't direct, I don't design.
A purpose, an intention, a design, strikes everywhere even the careless, the most stupid thinker.
All architecture is shelter, all great architecture is the design of space that contains, cuddles, exalts, or stimulates the persons in that space.
The only thing Martha and I have in common is that we both used to model. Martha Stewart is extremely talented. Her designs are picture perfect. Our philosophy is life is messy, and rather than being afraid of those messes we design products that work the way we live.
Engineering, medicine, business, architecture and painting are concerned not with the necessary but with the contingent - not with how things are but with how they might be - in short, with design.
I'm a total control freak and love to participate in the design of every single aspect of life.
When I design a wedding dress with a bustle, it has to be one the bride can dance in. I love the idea that something is practical and still looks great.
Gaming in general is a male thing. It isn't that gaming is designed to exclude women. Everybody who's tried to design a game to interest a large female audience has failed. And I think that has to do with the different thinking processes of men and women.
The actual tragedies of life bear no relation to one's preconceived ideas. In the event, one is always bewildered by their simplicity, their grandeur of design, and by that element of the bizarre which seems inherent in them.
At some point in your life, if you're lucky, you get to design the way in which things evolve.
It's all in how you arrange the thing... the careful balance of the design is the motion.
I was very interested in theatre, mostly in stage design. I did a little bit of acting.
We thought it would be fun to try to design a show that would work well internationally and so that' s what we're intending to do with Fraggle Rock, and we are indeed now selling it around the world.
I have always had an interest in fashion and design and I appreciate style and timelessness within my footwear and accessories both on and off the court.
I tried a dozen different modifications that were rejected. But they all served as a path to the final design.
I'm not really a fashion designer. I just love clothes. I've never been to design school. I can't sketch. I can't cut patterns and things. I can shorten things. I can make a dress out of a scarf.
I help design my own tennis clothes.
Ever since I was young I loved making things and being part of the design process.
All those years of skating and dancing have carried over. I can't design anything without thinking of how a woman's body will look and move when she's wearing it.
Design is about point of view, and there should be some sort of woman or lifestyle or attitude in one's head as a designer.
The design of Rhetoric is to remove those Prejudices that lie in the way of Truth, to Reduce the Passions to the Government of Reasons to place our Subject in a Right Light, and excite our Hearers to a due consideration of it.
Interior design is a business of trust.
People who run a ready-to-wear company are businessmen rather than production or design people.
I like design, I like details, to me it is just another form of self-expression.
Well, I design costumes because I started with the theater in Chicago, but somehow a few lines just sort of fell to me to do it. And I studied it in school and I always liked it.
While a case can be made for intelligent design, I can't figure out why some Christians are so thrilled about that possibility. First of all, it doesn't prove there's a God. If anything, intelligent design lends support to some form of pantheism that defines God as immanent within nature.
I come from a different era and I design clothes for our era. I think of people I want to dress when I design.
Now I design what I want to wear, and it works that way.
I can design a collection in a day and I always do, cause I've always got a load of Italians on my back, moaning that it's late.
No wonder the film industry started in the desert in California where, like all desert dwellers, they dream their buildings, rather than design them.
My style is kind of eclectic and I don't like to do the same thing over and over again. I like to have fun and explore myself so you won't see the same design.
The principle of the design - the harmony, rhythm and balance are all the same with interior and fashion design.
But, alas! what poor Woman is ever taught that she should have a higher Design than to get her a Husband?
I like the gritty parts of fashion, the design, the studio, the pictures.
Design is important, it's an important dimension in the car. It's not the only one.
Music is where I have the most creative freedom, but I love producing. To me, that's kind of where all the action is. You get a chance to have your hands in every aspect of a film. From picking a director, sometimes picking a writer, to the actors, the wardrobe, set design, editing, music, and marketing.
A person should design the way he makes a living around how he wishes to make a life.
That was always my frustration with so many of these shows, because design is not an ambush... it's a relationship. You have to know how people move and live and work to be able to design for them.
The Japanese have a wonderful sense of design and a refinement in their art. They try to produce beautiful paintings with the minimum number of strokes.
It would have been difficult to design a path out of communism worse than the one that has been followed.
Can you design a Rorschach test that's going to make everyone feel something every time - and that looks like a Rorschach test? It's easy to show a picture of a kitten or a car accident. The question is, how abstract can you get and still get the audience to feel something when they don't know what's happening to them?
All those lessons that I've learned on the court, I have applied them to my life outside of the court in business, my company, called V Starr interiors, an interior design company, and EleVen, which I wear on court.
I love design.
I'd love to design bridal dresses.
I thank Marc Jacobs so much for giving me the opportunity to design a shoe for Louis Vuitton, but the thing that broke my heart most was when they said, 'You're finished. The shoe's finished.'
So, I'm always around video games but I've always been interested in them from a visual perspective, with the graphic design and that whole thing. I don't know if that comes from my love of photography or what but that's always what's held my interest about them.
When I design and wonder what the point is, I think of someone having a bad time in their life. Maybe they are sad and they wake up and put on something I have made and it makes them feel just a bit better. So, in that sense, fashion is a little help in the life of a person. But only a little.
I mean, I think about it, but I don't design my record to get a certain public response.
Marc Jacobs is full of creative people and Louis Vuitton is again a name on the door, a name that has existed for many years but I'm a collaborator there and I bring in other people, other artists and I work with a great creative design team.
But I'm blessed to work with great people. I collaborate with brilliant stylists both here and in Paris. I work with a great design team. I really allow everyone to bring their ideas. I almost rely on them to inspire me.
I approve designs not because I think I am more gifted or somebody who can see ahead three or four years from now, but just to make sure that the design is a logical, rational decision, taken after analyzing pros and cons.
When I come to a design decision, people know that is that.
For me, unemployment and poverty in the Greater Montreal area is not mainly a problem of structure, or design, or statistics. It is a profoundly human situation.
I've wanted to design golf courses ever since I was a kid. I suppose it comes from the way I've played the game. To find the proper way to play any hole, I've always begun by asking myself what the architect has tried to do with it.
A Nicklaus Design golf course is done by the guys in my company that I work with, that have been trained in my vision, and they do what they think I might do. They might come in the office and ask me questions and I'd certainly answer their questions, but I'm not involved in the site visits or anything else.
A jellyfish is little more than a pulsating bell, a tassel of trailing tentacles and a single digestive opening through which it both eats and excretes - as regrettable an example of economy of design as ever was.
Leopard is an animal design, and my designs come from nature.
I became an art major, took every art class my school had to offer. In college, I majored in Advertising Art and Design.
Britain's great strength is its innovative, design and engineering natural ability and we're not using it.
I don't design down to a price.
I'm not into politics but I am committed to a cause: ensuring design technology and engineering stays on the U.K. curriculum, alongside science and maths - grounding abstract theory, merging the practical with the academic.
When you say 'design,' everybody thinks of magazine pages. So it's an emotive word. Everybody thinks it's how something looks, whereas for me, design is pretty much everything.
I don't particularly follow the Bauhaus school of design, where you make everything into a black box - simplify it.
Design and technology should be the subject where mathematical brainboxes and science whizzkids turn their bright ideas into useful products.
Design is a plan for arranging elements in such a way as best to accomplish a particular purpose.
The details are not the details. They make the design.
I think fashion is a lot of fun. I love clothes. More than fashion or brand labels, I love design. I love the thought that people put into clothes. I love when clothes make cultural statements and I think personal style is really cool. I also freely recognize that fashion should be a hobby.
I'd like to design something like a city or a museum. I want to do something hands on rather than just play golf which is the sport of the religious right.
I'm drawn to furniture design as complete architecture on a minor scale.
McSweeney's as a publishing company is built on a business model that only works when we sell physical books. So we try to put a lot of effort into the design and production of the book-as-object.
I've always been a bit of a decorator. I think if I wasn't a singer I'd probably be in stage setting or interior design or something. I like clutter and I'm quite visually greedy. I can't have things to be plain I have to have things looking interesting... maybe I'm just a frustrated interior designer stuck in a singing career.
I think a lot of times people design restaurants with flash in mind. I think you should design restaurants with function in mind. Make sure it's functional and works with what you're trying to accomplish. Design can come later.
Design is so critical it should be on the agenda of every meeting in every single department.
I am a fashion designer. I'm not an environmentalist. When I get up in the morning, number one I'm a mother and a wife, and number two I design clothes. So the main thing I need to do is create, hopefully, exquisitely beautiful, desirable objects for my customer.
Complexity is one of the great problems in environmental design.
Once you understand this way, you will be able to make your room alive you will be able to design a house together with your family a garden for your children places where you can work beautiful terraces where you can sit and dream.
We worked with the engineers in the design and construction and testing phases in those various areas, then we would get back together at the end of the week and brief each other as to what had gone on.
The level of detail and craft is something that's inscribed within the original design concept. And so when I begin to draw, I know what kind of detailing I want the building to have.
Web users ultimately want to get at data quickly and easily. They don't care as much about attractive sites and pretty design.
People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life.
Luckily I don't have to buy shoes anymore, because I design them! I'm off tour, so I can dive in and create the shoes that I want for my line. But okay, I did buy a pair of vintage combat boots because they were so beaten up - I had to have them.
When we were in the design studio I always was pretending like I was in a closet asking my friend before I step out into the world what do I look like? And everybody wants that honest friend before they go and go to dinner or go to an event.
What I've learned from different designers is that it's key to be true to who you are and your vision. That's always been my line of thinking. Working through the whole design process, I don't want to create something I wouldn't be proud to wear.
I learn my lines while on the golf course. I try to do two or three things at once. I have ideas for books all the time, I have ideas for paintings all the time, and I write them all down. I take my sketchpad and my iPad, which I design on, and I do sit down and do specific tasks at specific times.
The wisdom of crowds works when the crowd is choosing the price of an ox, when there's a single numeric average. But if it's a design or something that matters, the decision is made by committee, and that's crap. You want people and groups who are able to think thoughts before they share.
In architecture the idea degenerated. Design allows a more direct and pleasurable route.
I'm opinionated. I always stick to my design plan. I don't waver.
There is no city in America that has reduced crime as much as we have in the last three years. This is not the product of accident. This is the product of design.
To be able to design for the plus-sized consumer, for me, that's just beyond. It's a dream.
I was a cartoonist when I was at university, but I decided to go into movie making knowing that I could still draw by doing movies, design work, story boards, and such.
In just six weeks from the time the design was started, we had the motor on the block testing its power.
Everyone wants an iPhone, but it would be impossible to design an iPhone in China because it's not a product it's an understanding of human nature.
I see the Beijing National Stadium as an architectural project. I accepted Herzog and De Meuron's invitation to collaborate on the design, and our proposal won the competition. From beginning to end, I stayed with the project. I am committed to fostering relationships between a city and its architecture.
If you only design menus that are essentially junk or fast food, the whole infrastructure supports junk.
God is His own Design and End, and that there is no other Worthy of Him.
I've never had anyone define purity. You probably can't define purity. Purity is to live according to original design.
I'd like to do a lot of things - whether in design or architecture or business.
I studied literature design and fashion design.
Design, in its broadest sense, is the enabler of the digital era - it's a process that creates order out of chaos, that renders technology usable to business. Design means being good, not just looking good.
I majored in fashion design in school, and I have always wanted to design my own line of clothing, jewelry, and stuff like that so this was just a step for me in that direction.
We should always look upon ourselves as God's servants, placed in God's world, to do his work and accordingly labour faithfully for him not with a design to grow rich and great, but to glorify God, and do all the good we possibly can.
Our guiding principle was that design is neither an intellectual nor a material affair, but simply an integral part of the stuff of life, necessary for everyone in a civilized society.
Organisms by their design are not made to adapt too far.
Species go extinct because there are historical contraints built into a given body or a given design.
The garden, by design, is concerned with both the interior and the land beyond the garden.
French architecture always manages to combine the most magnificent underlying themes of architecture like Roman design, it looks to the community.
Italy is full of historical buildings. And Europe holds a great history of philosophy from Greece until today. I read all those books and see these buildings, and I think of where I stand when I design my architecture.
All those involved in the construction of an architectural design, from the architect to the builder, have an attachment to the architecture, although it's difficult to quantify the attachment.
Design is a constant challenge to balance comfort with luxe, the practical with the desirable.
Design can have such a positive impact on the way people live and on their relationships and moods.
Design my own line? No, I just like the culture.
I have an all-Japanese design team, and none of them speak English. So it's often funny and surprising how my ideas end up lost in translation.
It would be nice to design a real briefcase - you open it up and it's your computer but it also stores your books.
No one who set out to design a form of communication would ever end up with anything like English, Mandarin, or any of the more than six thousand languages spoken today.
I am always locked in my design studio.
It's funny now how much we look at - whatever you want to call it: art, design, culture stuff, film - online, and how in the online world, you're instantly global.
I actually started as a model builder and quickly progressed into production design, which made sense because I could draw and paint. But I kept watching that guy over there who was moving the actors around and setting up the shots.
I can't design anything unless I'm excited by it, meaning I have an urge to wear it.
Martha Stewart is extremely talented. Her designs are picture perfect. Our philosophy is life is messy, and rather than being afraid of those messes we design products that work the way we live.
I won't give up my day job of design.
French design hardly exists, except as artificial modernism.
For me, I am still very happy to be able to do stage design as it's an opportunity to express the extreme.
The architect, Peter Arens who is the monstrous carbuncle architect, not merely did his design which had won a public competition never get built but his practice suffered financially for some years.
Design is a word that's come to mean so much that it's also a word that has come to mean nothing.
You can get a lot of design testing of your missile program, and you can do a lot of - there's other ways other than physically to develop your weaponization program to get you very close to the real deal.
The gays like 'Project Runway' because it's a fashion, and the gays are into fashion and into design. It's a creative industry, and most of the gays are pretty creative, in general. That's just like the culture. We're not all into politics necessarily. We're more into the creative environment. I also think Heidi is a big draw. The boys love Heidi and think she's so fabulous. I just think it's a glitzy, fun show, and there are also always lots of gay boys on it, and, you know, that's fun.
The industry's changed so much that you can't just design something, put on a great show, and say, 'Okay, my job is done.'
User-centered design means understanding what your users need, how they think, and how they behave - and incorporating that understanding into every aspect of your process.
After the Great Depression and after public urging, a nationwide public competition was held to determine a design for a memorial that would honor President Thomas Jefferson's bold vision for westward expansion for America.
I design for myself and the first question I ask is, 'Would I wear it?'
I've never mentioned this, but when I was at Parsons teaching, the other design disciplines, they don't like fashion design. They see it as very nineteenth-century.
With fashion, you really need to understand the aspects of construction. Not just design on an iPad.
Although my art work was heavily informed by my design work on a formal and visual level, as regards meaning and content the two practices parted ways.
When I was very, very young, seven years old, I heard there was school where you could go to learn to draw. That was my absolute driven passion, to become an artist or a painter. So the romantic realist in me, I studied to be a graphic design artist and an art teacher.
I had a faux-hawk for a while and I used to buzz the sides and design it. It was really bad.
I have a secret thought from some things I have observed, that God may perhaps design you for some singular service in the world.
In regards to being a fashion aficionado, there's a certain amount of taking yourself seriously in the professional world. The self-effacing person can't completely go down the serious road. But I design, and love when things are beautiful.
So that ideas of sort of relaxed symmetry have been something for years that I have been concerned with because I think that symmetry is a neutral shape as opposed to a form of design.
But active programming consists of the design of new programs, rather than contemplation of old programs.
Clearly, programming courses should teach methods of design and construction, and the selected examples should be such that a gradual development can be nicely demonstrated.
I have been wildly enthused about gaming since I was younger, and a career path I chose not to go down but did really consider was getting into programming and game design.
I write the way you might arrange flowers. Not every try works, but each one launches another. Every constraint, even dullness, frees up a new design.
There are two kinds of designers: ones who are very happy locked in their office surrounded by their coterie. The last thing they need to do is to go to a trunk show they'd go running for the hills. I not only enjoy it, I think, how do you design things that are applicable to life - unless you live it?
People kind of tend to mystify design and architecture by suggesting you need to train.
Well, I never studied design and I went to art school to study art, you know, sculpture and things like that, and ended up making things like sculpture and started making chairs and jewelry together and that's how I started.
Design schools are good, I guess, sometimes I visit schools, but they are very very limiting.
So if I design it and then go away, it's still living somewhere and it still exists by itself without me.
So if I want to buy a light in a shop and I don't find a light that I like, I think to myself what would I like? What would I like to buy? Then I started to imagine and design it for myself a lot of the time.
I think it is really important to have a sense of business. As a designer you can get so wrapped up in the design and fashion side that you forget the business side.
Websites are kind of useless. There's so much great web content and design out there, but the ways in which they are being experienced are not being maximized.
If you were the first person ever to design an application for the iPhone and you patented it, you would be very, very better off than we are right now, you know? But you've got to be the first one to do it. So I figured that Led Zeppelin or the Stones were going to do it unless we just got on to it. So I got cracking with the guys from Apple.
After working with clothes for so long, it seemed right to design them.
The reward is that you can actually create a world separate from reality with a story, actors, music, and camera design. When it works it can entertain, move people and teach us all.
I am extremely excited to develop and design a brand representative of my life, experiences and style. Working closely with Cherokee will help establish a worldwide presence with best-in-class retailers and category leaders.
While I was at college studying design I decided to paint. I was also greatly inspired by the colours that I had seen on my travels in the Brazilian Rain forest.
We must carefully consider card security solutions, such as adding photographs or machine-readable electronic strips, so to prevent further breaches of individual privacy that could result from changes to the design of Social Security Cards.
Internet safety begins at home and that is why my legislation would require the Federal Trade Commission to design and publish a unique website to serve as a clearinghouse and resource for parents, teachers and children for information on the dangers of surfing the Internet.
Readers always seem to think that the author has some control over the design of their books.
It is relatively easy to design for the perfect cases, when everything goes right, or when all the information required is available in proper format.
User-centered design means working with your users all throughout the project.
Also note that invariably when we design something that can be used by those with disabilities, we often make it better for everyone.
I prefer design by experts - by people who know what they are doing.
The federal debt in this country is principally of Republican design.
Stargate by far is the top of the pile when it comes to Sci-Fi. The quality is great. They have really good writers, production design, lighting, wardrobe.
We are not inferring design to account for a black box, but to account for an open box.
It's about the power of design and the power of the human spirit. It's above paying anybody to do something stupid for money like reality television does - like ambushing people.
I think taking design out of the studio and really having a relationship with the people that you're making it for really convinced me of how powerful a thing design is. It's not just an aesthetic decoration.
One of the best animated films I've seen come out of Disney was the Tarzan movie. I wasn't crazy about the story or the design on Tarzan's face, but the traditional animation was spectacular.
I was in college, and very disappointed. I majored in commercial art and interior design for three or four years. At that time, it seemed the thing I really wanted to do, production design, just wasn't available in the U.K., so I turned to music.
I like to think that the Internet and file sharing, if utilized properly and embraced, and I emphasize properly, is a high-powered marketing design.
I wanted to be a decorator. I wanted to interior design homes and do everything myself.
Through the harsh design of fate, Florida was dealt the unfortunate circumstances of bearing the brunt of not one but two hurricanes, and it appears more dark clouds are poised to visit the Sunshine State.
Just as predatory animals follow a similar general design and behave in similar ways, so organizations, especially those in competition with one another, must follow certain design principles if they are to succeed and prevail.
Ultimately we may still ask, why can't humans design a perfect society?
To nourish children and raise them against odds is in any time, any place, is more valuable than to fix bolts in cars or design nuclear weapons.
For me, if I can design beautiful things that have the price be lower, I am thrilled.
You can design a mortgage system that is different without a Fannie and Freddie, but there are principles you have to have, to have a good system.
Traditional horizontal search engines cannot always identify the target audience, niche or vertical industry of a page or site. Vertical search engines address this issue by the nature of their design. They identify sites according to more specific criteria and sometimes even by human input.
Even as a young boy, my passion was to design, and I have been very lucky to be able to do what I have loved all my life. There can be few greater gifts than that.
I like the personality of the Belgians. They're deeply eccentric, which is something that comes across in their design - terrific.
I am persuaded, that if any attempt is made to improve the education of the poor, and such an unmanly spirit should guide the resolution of a society or committee for that purpose, it would render the design abortive.
I think gardens are fantastic, and I'd love to draw and design and stuff like that. I love just planting flowers during the summer. There's something very humble about it, and natural and beautiful.
Three years ago the Government announced the creation of Reconciliation Place, and said that it would include a memorial to those removed from their families. However, they refused to include any of those who were removed in the design of their own memorial.
In its report, the Cox Committee concludes that China is using stolen U.S. design information to speed up its deployment of a new nuclear missile force.
That's a hobby of mine - to do whatever I can for unusual for-hire creative projects. I am waiting for someone to really challenge me - obviously I'm often approached to do film related work, but I would be very happy to design a bar or an amusement park ride. I would love to be an imagineer!
I do love DVD and I've always taken them seriously. You know, on the Austin things, we really put a ton of work into them because there's so much design involved. And in this one, we thought a lot about it and what could go in.
My biggest role as director on the film is keeping a sense of the overview - how to cast the movie and shoot it in such a way that it will cut together. And how to design the style and tone.
Through no divine design or cosmic plan, we have inherited the mantle of life's caretaker on the earth, the only home we have ever known.
No architect troubled to design houses that suited people who were to live in them, because that would have meant building a whole range of different houses. It was far cheaper and, above all, timesaving to make them identical.
I've generally got a good eye for design and proportion.
The demise of Google Reader, if logical, is a reminder of how far we've come from the cuddly old 'I'm Feeling Lucky' Google days, in which there was a foreseeably-astonishing delight in the way Google's evolving design tricks anticipated what users would like.
When nearly a third of our high school students do not graduate on time with their peers, we have work to do. We must design our middle and high schools so that no student gets lost in the crowd and disconnected from his or her own potential.
Sometimes, you start with the drawing and then the gag comes to you in the middle of it. That is when you start working on the solution of the gag, which is composition, placing, equilibrium, and character design.
In two days, it's hard to to get the quality you would normally want for a design project.
I look at each episode in two ways - from a design standpoint and from an entertainment standpoint - this is TV, after all. We usually succeed on at least one of the levels.
Throughout the country, I see the same design problems and solutions over and over.
I gave the couple a hint of a design that would work great with the bones of their home. They weren't ready for it, and they embarrassed themselves and that's too bad.
Being in the design industry, I've tended to meet more people who are affected by HIV and AIDS.
The Final Jeopardy! questions seem to be, by design, things you can't know. And so it's not about who knows them, but who can figure them out in thirty seconds.
It was always my goal to 'up the ante' on good design and rye devoted much of my career to this.
Beautiful Evidence is about the theory and practice of analytical design.
I do believe that there are some universal cognitive tasks that are deep and profound - indeed, so deep and profound that it is worthwhile to understand them in order to design our displays in accord with those tasks.
Longhorns are unique - each and every one of them is a different color with a different design.
I design my shots. I walk the rehearsal as the camera and say 'this is where I want to be... I want this look.
There is no reason to design buildings that are more basic and rectilinear, because with concrete you can cover almost any space.
I discovered at an early age that all I've ever wanted to do is design.
Perhaps I'd like to design cars, but I don't think I'd be much good at it.
If you're talking to an architect, he can look at a blank piece of paper, and once the initial design is there, the formula kicks in. Each room should have something unique and different about it - much the same way that in a song, every eight bars or so, a new piece of information should be introduced.
Computers are scary. They're nightmares to fix, lose our stuff, and, on occasion, they crash, producing the blue screen of death. Steve Jobs knew this. He knew that computers were bulky and hernia-inducing and Darth Vader black. He understood the value of declarative design.
It was something I was more interested in myself. When I went to see my sister dance at ballet, I was really into costumes and the arts, and my family was also supportive of whatever me and my sister wanted to do. I would say I pushed myself the most to be into design.
So I went for engineering, specifically product design, which I enjoyed.
When I started this project, I was a young architect. I was very apprehensive about any changes to the design. Whether I wanted to or not, I learned that you can accept some changes to its form without compromising its intent. But it's a leap of faith that I didn't want to make initially - to put it mildly.
For two years nobody talked about anything other than the name arrangement. There was no fund-raising and no progress being made on construction and design.
How do you design it so that people can form a space of their own, and feel quiet and contemplative?
I used to design for my body, which was flat-chested with big hips. That's why my clothes were tight on top with full skirts.
We have no general conceptual thrust for the band, other than trying to make music that keeps our interest. When things are novel, they are probably things we have discovered by accident or investigation rather than by design.
Initially, it was the unpractical in fashion that brought me to design my own line. I felt that it was much more attractive to cut clothes with respect for the living, three-dimensional body rather than to cover the body with decorative ideas.
I think there is always a need for pure design. With pure design, you don't need so much decoration.
It may sound ambitious, but I really hope that modern design will spread all around the globe.
Everyone by now presumably knows about the danger of premature optimization. I think we should be just as worried about premature design - designing too early what a program should do.
I had been impressed by the fact that biological systems were based on molecular machines and that we were learning to design and build these sorts of things.
Punk's influence on music, movies, art, design and fashion is no longer in doubt. It is used as the measurement for what is cool.
Through all aspects of society be it art, design, the financial markets, government, technology or communications we are witnessing unprecedented global transformation - the result of which is impossible to predict.
I have had this view of the optimization of the electrode design for a long time. Historically we went through various phases in the work and eventually worked on large sheets - very large sheets - of palladium.
If there is a gay uniform, the differences are in how each man coordinates the details: the brand and cut of the jeans, the design of belts and boots, the haircut, the number and size of earrings.
Wherever there is a design that is highly successful in a broad range of similar environments, it is apt to emerge again and again, independently - the phenomenon known in biology as convergent evolution. I call these designs 'good tricks.'
There is a group of individuals who are radical jihadists. We need to call them by name. They believe it is OK to kill people in the name of their religion. It is not all of Islam. It is not all Muslims. But there is a subgroup who believe it is OK. In fact, it is their plan and design to kill people.
And I think my sexuality was heavily repressed by the church, by the, you know, the design of the mortal sins.
So much of it is the design of the shot or the motion of the character it's the work you do so that it has the same things that are in the movie. In just a few frames it's got to communicate something clearly and dramatically.
Unfortunately, the client that exists today is still pretty much the prototype design.
English is taking over the world. I just wrote a piece about it. And it's not by design. The United States dominates because it's the biggest market.
My training as an engineer has enabled me to design the stuff, but the reason I do it is not to make music but for the opportunity to work with musicians.
The point is that I don't design stuff for myself. I'm a toolmaker. I design things that other people want to use.
Leon Theremin's original designs are elegant, ingenious and effective. As electronics goes, the theremin is very simple. But there are so many subtleties hidden in the details of the design. It's like a great sonnet, or a painting, or a speech, that is perfectly done on more than one level.
We used to be referred to as bakers and then we became known as cake decorators and now we are known as cake designers. I teach at the French Culinary Institute in New York and cake design is a legitimate profession.
It was by design that we mostly used pictures that you could not necessarily see what was going on, and that didn't really focus in on the band, but instead focused in on a theme.
There is not necessarily a good reason why a regulator should have to be involved in product design and marketing for rich and sophisticated investors. We recommend that such investors should be able to sign a piece of paper, which allows them to go ahead and buy unregulated products at their own risk.
Last year, Congress gave the Department of Defense the authority to design a new civilian personnel system for its employees as part of the defense authorization bill.
I design some of my own clothes now.
I now add, farther, that the apostle's argument is so far from proving it to be the duty of people to obey, and submit to, such rulers as act in contradiction to the public good, and so to the design of their office, that it proves the direct contrary.
Biological engineering is not necessarily understanding systems but rather, I want to be able to design and build biological systems to perform particular applications.
It is to be noted that when any part of this paper appears dull there is a design in it.
Once I got out of architecture school I decided not to be an architect, I just started my own little design studio.
I don't set goals. Like, that's what I want to be doing however many years from now. I do what I love to do at the moment. If I wake up tomorrow and decide I want to dance, that's what I'd do. Or design clothes.
And just when we were at the end of our design process there was the news that the Italian government and the U.S. government had signed an agreement to fly the first Italian astronaut on that flight.
I do what I love to do at the moment. If I wake up tomorrow and decide I want to dance, that's what I'd do. Or design clothes. I think I'd throw myself into whatever I'm doing now. It's not about abandoning what I was doing before, or giving up. It's about knowing that if I die tomorrow, I lived the way I wanted to.
Even private persons in due season, with discretion and temper, may reprove others, whom they observe to commit sin, or follow bad courses, out of charitable design, and with hope to reclaim them.
In both business and personal life, I've always found that travel inspires me more than anything else I do. Evidence of the languages, cultures, scenery, food, and design sensibilities that I discover all over the world can be found in every piece of my jewelry.
It is very important to lead the field and innovate in game design.
You have to design and program differently. Combat action in an MMO is so different to combat in a first-person shooter.
Good design is making something intelligible and memorable. Great design is making something memorable and meaningful.
By the fourth grade, I graduated to an erector set and spent many happy hours constructing devices of unknown purpose where the main design criterion was to maximize the number of moving parts and overall size.
Golf course design is exciting.
I'm really not for famous people who design a line for a company, when you know it's not really them creating it but a team of designers, especially when there are so many talented people who've taken the time to go and study fashion.
Well, yes, I mean, I think that, you know, my sources suggest that there's a lot of support for the notion that there is a lot of Koran abuse and that it was very much a systematic design, not just an aberration.
I love graphic design. I love working with design, and I love storytelling, so I've been working on a children's book for a while, and I'd like to see that through.
The roundness of life's design may be a sign that there is a presence beyond ourselves.
We opened a design center in the South of England last year as part of our strategy for being close to our customers and developing innovative products for exciting new markets.
Dubstep has everything for me. Rhythm, sound design, heartfelt emotion - all in one place.
In any case, his judgment and set of values, acting alone or through his assistants, determine not only what is gold and what is dross but the design of the history which he creates out of the metal. The historian decides what is significant, and what is not.
I don't design cars. I'm not a designer. I know what I desire to be built, I know what the end result is, the horsepower, the competition we'll be working against - but I leave it to the people who work with me to put it all together. I don't do anything.
I do two things. I design mobile computers and I study brains.
It is not that you do wrong by design, but that you should never do right by mistake.
But my point is that you design something in the end that precludes any unhealthy trading practices that are not going to serve your environmental or your economic objectives but now is not the time to do it.
I'm into designing houses and interior design. I like change. I like creating things out of nothing.
I've always loved interior design.
Once you come up with a premise, you have to work out how it all happened. It's a bit like coming up with a spectacular roof design first. Before you can get it up there, you need to build a solid foundation and supporting structure.
Nothing they design ever gets in the way of a work of art.
The design of those commissioners, frigates and warlike force is directed rather against Long Island and these your Honors' possessions, than to the imagined reform of New England.
I finished high school there and then I went to Rhode Island School of Design.
After all, C++ isn't a perfect match for Java's design aims either.
Of course, I did lots of what would be called graphic design now, what used to be called commercial art.
When the Grateful Dead needed a quality sound system to deliver our sonic payload, I learned electronics and speaker design.
IBM was the original contractor for much of the computer interface design on the film.
My particular aesthetic of light and color and design wouldn't change as a result of working with computer graphics rather than with slit scan or miniatures.
There were IBM logos designed for the film, and there were IBM design consultants working with Kubrick on the layout of the controls and computer screens.
I brought a lot of my own pieces of clothes to the design room when I first met with the design team just so they could see what my style was like.
I believe consistency and orthogonality are tools of design, not the primary goal in design.
Actually, I didn't make the claim that Ruby follows the principle of least surprise. Someone felt the design of Ruby follows that philosophy, so they started saying that. I didn't bring that up, actually.
Acting isn't for me. I don't like being told what to do. I'm more interested in set design, more visually driven.
There is a lot of interest in the arts, music, theatre, filmmaking, engineering, architecture and software design. I think we have now transitioned the modern-day version of the entrepreneur into the creative economy.
Looking back, video game design seems a natural fit, although there was no such thing when I was growing up. I built a Tic-Tac-Toe playing machine in my teens which went up in smoke on the night it was scheduled to go to a science fair.
My background is in hardware design. I found hardware work to be a welcome change from thousands of hours of programming and that led to the designs you mentioned.
If you decide to design your own language, there are thousands of sort of amateur language designer pitfalls.
I am interested in computers and technology, and art, photography, and design.
I have made bouquets of pleats, bouquets of flowers, bouquets of ruffles, bouquets of feathers. Often I design in mousseline, held tightly around the waist, and with something else going on all around.
You all know that each title in the Chronicles has a chess theme that's partly because of the overall design of the Chronicles themselves - the game of chess as an analogue of the game of life.
If we don't have accurate information, if we are not able to tell difficult truth one to another, we will never be able to effectively design a policy for Iraq.
Usually I design the lighting and when I have the physical set there, I'm not good at going out loosely and saying, 'Do you what you want, give it to the editor, and he'll figure it out.' I physically then walk on with the actors and I say, 'Let's walk until you guys feel the space works for you, and tell me when all that happens.'
The New Testament evinces its universal design in its very, style, which alone distinguishes it from all the literary productions of earlier and later times.
I have lived with my husband more than I have with my parents... I live beside him, and know his worries, his hopes, and his dreams for his nation. We believe that things happen by design, not in an arbitrary way. And we believe it is our duty to make things happen.
So much of design is context.
My strengths as a businessman lie in the design and sale of women's shoes, and I have never been comfortable with complicated or technical legal or business documents.
The Constitution remains brilliant in its overall design and sound with respect to the Bill of Rights and the separation of powers. But there are numerous archaic provisions that inhibit constructive change and adaptation. These constitutional bits affect the daily life of the republic and every citizen in it.
The Court is most vulnerable and comes nearest to illegitimacy when it deals with judge-made constitutional law having little or no cognizable roots in the language or design of the Constitution.
Once the product's task is known, design the interface first then implement to the interface design.
I've come up through art school, through painting, through graphic design, through advertising, through TV commercials and music video. I've designed books, built billboards, matchbooks, corporate identities. I continuously paint, I've done conceptual art pictures.
If a course needs to be in great condition to be played effectively, then the design strategy is flawed.
That's something I learned in art school. I studied graphic design in Germany, and my professor emphasized the responsibility that designers and illustrators have towards the people they create things for.
Intelligent design itself does not have any content.
The interesting thing is when we design and architect a server, we don't design it for Windows or Linux, we design it for both. We don't really care, as long as we're selling the one the customer wants.
Being non-commercial is never an ambition. Movies come together at different points for fortuitous reasons. You do them as you get the opportunity, as opposed to doing them when you choose to or design to.
Design can change how you look at yourself.
When you design it, think how you would feel if you had to fly it! Safety first!
It is not possible to design always the same. How to be different in each different place - that is the most important work and duty of the architect to find out.
Every step and every movement of the multitude, even in what are termed enlightened ages, are made with equal blindness to the future and nations stumble upon establishments, which are indeed the result of human action, but not the execution of any human design.
Different people have different styles, but there is an opportunity as a director to be a writer in every moment, with every visual cue and every piece of production design. Everything is a decision, and everything can be obsessed over.
The scientific argument advanced for intelligent design at the Dover trial, those arguments collapsed, scientifically and intellectually.
The argument for intelligent design basically depends on saying, 'You haven't answered every question with evolution,'... Well, guess what? Science can't answer every question.
The new strategy is to teach intelligent design without calling it intelligent design.
For many years, I have lived uncomfortably with the belief that most planning and architectural design suffers for lack of real and basic purpose. The ultimate purpose, it seems to me, must be the improvement of mankind.
The mind is like a richly woven tapestry in which the colors are distilled from the experiences of the senses, and the design drawn from the convolutions of the intellect.
It is most necessary to avoid rusticity in any way, whether in material, design, or execution.
Computers are to design as microwaves are to cooking.
I just bought a Mac to help me design the next Cray.
I decided to go to school for advertising and graphic design. That was what I was gonna do but acting is that thing, it's like a splinter in your mind and you can't get rid of it. So I decided to move to L.A. a few years ago and it just snowballed into this thing called 'The Hunger Games.'
Kenneth H. Cooper
I keep my diet simple by sticking to mostly fruits and vegetables all day and then having whatever I want for dinner. I end up making healthy choices, like sushi or grilled fish, because I feel so good from eating well.
I've probably tried every fad diet in the world.
At one point, I even thought, 'Oh, I'll take diet pills.' I tried it for one day, and I thought my heart was going to explode. It's awful, and I would never, ever recommend it.
I don't find it a struggle to maintain a healthy diet now as my palate has changed. I don't crave rich food.
I don't do faddy diets any more. I once did a no-carbs diet a few years ago but it made me depressed. I couldn't be doing with that!
Breastfeeding is the very best diet I've been on.
I am not qualified to talk about the diet. Simply because I am not a dietician.
If you continually diet, you are putting your body in a quasi-famine situation. It slows your metabolism down and breaks the thermostat. Diets don't work. They don't help you understand why you're eating more than your body wanted in the first place.
I did my famous cabbage soup diet, so I was able to do it.
I go to the gym five days a week and I have a personal trainer. I am on a strict diet, which is kind of hard to keep up with on the road, but I stick to it as well as I can.
By learning about my body and making small, subtle changes, I find out what I enjoy and what is effective. I'm always finessing: adjusting my diet and my workouts. You have to figure out which exercises are fun and interesting and stimulate your brain - or else you'll never keep at them.
If you eat a lot of starchy foods, introduce a vegetable once a week, then twice a week, and then three times a week. Slowly fill your diet with new flavors. By the time you're ready to let go of whatever it is you want to let go of, you've got a full menu.
I'm on this diet where you're supposed to eat only fish and meat.
My doctor explained that exercise and diet changes might help and that I also might need a medication.
Meat is a wasteful use of water and creates a lot of greenhouse gases. It puts enormous pressure on the world's resources. A vegetarian diet is better.
I've had weight issues all my life. I've been on all the diets: Atkins, liquid protein, Scarsdale diet. Now I go to the gym often. I'm always on the StairMaster, and I do weights.
I've done every diet there is.
I've never followed a vegan or vegetarian diet in the past, but I think I could do it. It would not be easy. I have worked with nutritionists who have said a vegan diet is not necessarily all positive for your health, because you need nutrients you only find in meats. I believe in a balanced diet.
We talk about, you know, diet and that we shouldn't give our kids big things and obesity and fast food. Well, you know there are people who don't have that problem because they're not getting any food! We have so many deep problems and issues facing humanity.
In New York I pretty much live in diners - I order French Fries, Diet Coke floats and lots of coffee.
I know what I have to do if I want to lose weight and stay healthy: eat a proper diet and exercise. All I've got to do is apply it.
I'm not strictly vegetarian, but meat doesn't play a big part in my diet.
Fruit is definitely on the maintenance diet. It's on the lifestyle diet.
A diet should be named after what you do eat, not what you don't eat.
I have had cardiomyopathy, which is a non-coronary condition and is in no way related to diet.
How much obesity has to be created in a single decade for people to realize that diet has to be responsible for it?
You take the healthiest diet in the world, if you gave those people vitamins, they would be twice as healthy. So vitamins are valuable.
I think I've done every crazy diet there was in the beginning, but it's weird: I'm thinner now than I was when I was modeling. I don't obsess about it.
I have to be very careful about diet and exercise.
Young girls look to me as a role model and think I crash diet to keep slim. That's not true, I always eat properly.
I've never been on a fad diet.
We have the opportunity to provide the first FDA reviewed and approved over-the-counter option that can help people lose weight and make changes to their lifestyle and diet.
I always recommend a sensible diet, including lots of carbohydrates and avoiding too much fat. Dancers don't need different fuel from other people - they just need more of it because they use more energy.
Most diets would have you cutting things out from your diet they are about denial and discipline.
Though I'm vegan and advocate that others eat a plant-based diet, I know that many people aren't quite ready to take that step in whole.
The right diet directs sexual energy into the parts that matter.
I thought a vegan diet would be too difficult, being on the road so much, but it's been far easier than I thought.
A plant-based diet has actually simplified my life in so many ways. For breakfast, I try to get my first serving of fruits and nuts for fuel. I'm completely addicted to coconut water for the electrolytes and hydration.
A bonus: You don't have to diet to direct.
I certainly feel that the time is not far distant when a knowledge of the principles of diet will be an essential part of one's education. Then mankind will eat to live, be able to do better mental and physical work and disease will be less frequent.
My diet is always terrible, unfortunately. I don't know moderation.
Everyone is going to binge on a diet, for instance, so plan for it, schedule it, and contain the damage.
When followed correctly, the Dukan Diet is both a safe and effective method of weight loss.
Mine is the least fat diet in the world.
Sex keeps me in shape. I don't diet, I eat what I like. I love Mars bars and I smoke and drink. But I love running off in the middle of the day to make love. It really burns up calories.
I think by planning an exercise regime, your diet follows to some extent.
She used to diet on any kind of food she could lay her hands on.
While pimples are not as simple as too much milk or sugar in your diet, both have a significant impact. Nutritional deficiencies as well as excesses can worsen acne.
For the sake of argument and illustration I will presume that certain articles of ordinary diet, however beneficial in youth, are prejudicial in advanced life, like beans to a horse, whose common ordinary food is hay and corn.
The best physicians are Dr. Diet, Dr. Quiet, and Dr. Merryman.
Uh, I just had an operation last March which was rather serious and I'm recuperating now. I'm on a very bland diet. But, uh, I'm lucky, I was just lucky, that's all.
A vegan diet takes care of most of what we need to do. But you'll also want to minimize the use of oils generally, because while olive oil and other vegetable oils are better for your heart than chicken fat, they are as fattening as animal fats.
I tried the paleo diet, which is the caveman diet - lots of meat. And I tried the calorie restriction diet: The idea is that if you eat very, very little - if you're on the verge of starvation, you will live a very long time, whether or not you want to, of course.
My goal? To test out every diet and exercise regimen on planet earth and figure out which work best. I sweated, I cooked, I learned to pole dance. In the end, I lost weight, lowered my cholesterol and doubled my energy level. I feel better than I ever have.
I almost fainted. There was no family history. I had been eating a vegetarian diet and I exercised.
The sad thing is, when it comes to diet, is that even when well-intentioned Feds try to do right by us, they fail. Either they're outvoted by puppets of agribusiness, or they are puppets of agribusiness.
Let me pose you a question. Can farm-raised salmon be organic when its feed has nothing to do with its natural diet, even if the feed itself is supposedly organic, and the fish themselves are packed tightly in pens, swimming in their own filth?
I am involved in Greenpeace. And I just recently completely switched my diet over to near-veganism. So you try to do little things that you can. I recycle every single day. Every single thing in my house that can be recycled is.
Eating at home is fine, as I can easily work around the foods that don't agree with me and still eat heartily with the rest of my family. I don't force them to follow my diet.
Love is such an objective thing. I mean, I can say I love my family, or I love my Diet Coke. So I guess, in different ways, yeah, I do believe in love.
The more I read and watched about the meat industry, the more determined I became to keep meat out of my diet. The things I saw in slaughterhouse exposes made me feel sick and I refused to just ignore what I now knew.
The vegan diet is obviously lacking whatever essential nutrient it is that makes people likeable.
If I could give one tip for people - it's not an exercise or nutrition regimen. It's to walk your talk and believe in yourself, because at the end of the day, the dumbbell and diet don't get you in shape. It's your accountability to your word.
I dream about 'Cheers.' Like when you go on a diet and you dream of pizza. I always think of those wonderful years. I loved working on it.
Hope is a very thin diet.
This cream will help one's nature strengthen and grow, The diet gives support in my decline.
My soul is dark with stormy riot: directly traced over to diet.
If cooking becomes an art form rather than a means of providing a reasonable diet, then something is clearly wrong.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds, wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make them possible.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
Sleep is the best meditation.
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.
I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're goin', and hook up with them later.
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with success unexpected in common hours.
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.
There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why... I dream of things that never were, and ask why not?
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.
We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream not only plan, but also believe.
All human beings are also dream beings. Dreaming ties all mankind together.
Do all you can to make your dreams come true.
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions.
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
Dreams are the touchstones of our character.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
The most pitiful among men is he who turns his dreams into silver and gold.
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams.
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
Who looks outside, dreams who looks inside, awakes.
Dreams are necessary to life.
He was a dreamer, a thinker, a speculative philosopher... or, as his wife would have it, an idiot.
Dream and give yourself permission to envision a You that you choose to be.
Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths.
I'm a dreamer. I have to dream and reach for the stars, and if I miss a star then I grab a handful of clouds.
Youth is a wonderful thing. What a crime to waste it on children.
The interpretation of dreams is the royal road to a knowledge of the unconscious activities of the mind.
I close my eyes, then I drift away, into the magic night I softly say. A silent prayer, like dreamers do, then I fall asleep to dream my dreams of you.
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended.
Dream in a pragmatic way.
We all dream we do not understand our dreams, yet we act as if nothing strange goes on in our sleep minds, strange at least by comparison with the logical, purposeful doings of our minds when we are awake.
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet.
Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams?
In dreams begins responsibility.
I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable.
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests.
I've always said that one night, I'm going to find myself in some field somewhere, I'm standing on grass, and it's raining, and I'm with the person I love, and I know I'm at the very point I've been dreaming of getting to.
The world needs dreamers and the world needs doers. But above all, the world needs dreamers who do.
No one should negotiate their dreams. Dreams must be free to fly high. No government, no legislature, has a right to limit your dreams. You should never agree to surrender your dreams.
Sometimes, the only realists are the dreamers.
Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together.
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long. If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night.
When you cease to dream you cease to live.
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages.
All the things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams.
Dreaming or awake, we perceive only events that have meaning to us.
I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
All men of action are dreamers.
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams.
Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth.
The dreamer can know no truth, not even about his dream, except by awaking out of it.
Those who have compared our life to a dream were right... we were sleeping wake, and waking sleep.
Dream manfully and nobly, and thy dreams shall be prophets.
I am a dreamer. Seriously, I'm living on another planet.
God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.
I have always been amazed at the way an ordinary observer lends so much more credence and attaches so much more importance to waking events than to those occurring in dreams... Man... is above all the plaything of his memory.
Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear.
I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough.
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible. I have ridiculously large dreams, and half the time they come true.
Dreaming of a tomorrow, which tomorrow, will be as distant then as 'tis today.
Dreams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way.
Dreaming men are haunted men.
My dreams were all my own I accounted for them to nobody they were my refuge when annoyed - my dearest pleasure when free.
Man is a genius when he is dreaming.
The world of men is dreaming, it has gone mad in its sleep, and a snake is strangling it, but it can't wake up.
We are near waking when we dream we are dreaming.
You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning.
Was it only by dreaming or writing that I could find out what I thought?
I was always a dreamer, in childhood especially. People thought I was a little strange.
People are so busy dreaming the American Dream, fantasizing about what they could be or have a right to be, that they're all asleep at the switch. Consequently we are living in the Age of Human Error.
This is the city of dreamers and time and again it's the place where the greatest dream of all, the American dream, has been tested and has triumphed.
Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking.
One of the most adventurous things left us is to go to bed. For no one can lay a hand on our dreams.
We all keep dreaming, and luckily, dreams come true.
You know, Willie Wonka said it best: we are the makers of dreams, the dreamers of dreams.
Married or unmarried, young or old, poet or worker, you are still a dreamer, and will one time know, and feel, that your life is but a dream.
I challenge you to be dreamers I challenge you to be doers and let us make the greatest place in the world even better.
The interpretation of dreams is a great art.
Everybody's a dreamer.
People need dreams, there's as much nourishment in 'em as food.
That's what keeps me going: dreaming, inventing, then hoping and dreaming some more in order to keep dreaming.
You can plant a dream.
Writers write. Dreamers talk about it.
Oh, I was never a businessman. I was a visionary, a dreamer.
Take everything easy and quit dreaming and brooding and you will be well guarded from a thousand evils.
Strivers achieve what dreamers believe.
We should never discourage young people from dreaming dreams.
Only things the dreamers make live on. They are the eternal conquerors.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
I believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now?
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams who looks inside, awakes.
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
I prefer to be a dreamer among the humblest, with visions to be realized, than lord among those without dreams and desires.
But I, being poor, have only my dreams I have spread my dreams under your feet Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
The only thing that comes to a sleeping man is dreams.
I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams.
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
The only time you really live fully is from thirty to sixty. The young are slaves to dreams the old servants of regrets. Only the middle-aged have all their five senses in the keeping of their wits.
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.
If there are dreams about a beautiful South Africa, there are also roads that lead to their goal. Two of these roads could be named Goodness and Forgiveness.
The ninety and nine are with dreams, content but the hope of the world made new, is the hundredth man who is grimly bent on making those dreams come true.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
I'll let you be in my dreams if I can be in yours.
I am against nature. I don't dig nature at all. I think nature is very unnatural. I think the truly natural things are dreams, which nature can't touch with decay.
It is better to risk starving to death then surrender. If you give up on your dreams, what's left?
Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy.
I really had a lot of dreams when I was a kid, and I think a great deal of that grew out of the fact that I had a chance to read a lot.
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
Sometimes dreams are wiser than waking.
Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake?
Believe in love. Believe in magic. Hell, believe in Santa Clause. Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?
Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality.
Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true.
Our life is composed greatly from dreams, from the unconscious, and they must be brought into connection with action. They must be woven together.
Dreams must be heeded and accepted. For a great many of them come true.
Business and growing jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but always striving. It is about dreams. Usually, it doesn't work out exactly as you might have imagined. Steve Jobs was fired at Apple. He came back and changed the world.
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.
I'd say it's been my biggest problem all my life... it's money. It takes a lot of money to make these dreams come true.
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe.
Don't give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you.
If you dream the proper dreams, and share the myths with people, they will want to grow up to be like you.
Computers are magnificent tools for the realization of our dreams, but no machine can replace the human spark of spirit, compassion, love, and understanding.
Both dreams and myths are important communications from ourselves to ourselves. If we do not understand the language in which they are written, we miss a great deal of what we know and tell ourselves in those hours when we are not busy manipulating the outside world.
Dreams do come true, if we only wish hard enough, You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.
The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a dream. The oak sleeps in the acorn, the bird waits in the egg, and in the highest vision of the soul a waking angel stirs. Dreams are the seedlings of realities.
High achievers spot rich opportunities swiftly, make big decisions quickly and move into action immediately. Follow these principles and you can make your dreams come true.
How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams.
Never underestimate the power of dreams and the influence of the human spirit. We are all the same in this notion: The potential for greatness lives within each of us.
You know, my dad served in the President's Cabinet after his time as a governor. He told me he enjoyed being governor a lot more. Now, I understand why. If I do my job well, I can make a difference in people's lives and I can help our children realize their dreams.
When all of your wishes are granted, many of your dreams will be destroyed.
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams.
In my dreams I hear again the crash of guns, the rattle of musketry, the strange, mournful mutter of the battlefield.
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream, the urge to make dreams come true and the tendency to miss lunch.
What is a television apparatus to man, who has only to shut his eyes to see the most inaccessible regions of the seen and the never seen, who has only to imagine in order to pierce through walls and cause all the planetary Baghdads of his dreams to rise from the dust.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
Our life dreams the Utopia. Our death achieves the Ideal.
I have dreamed in my life, dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas they have gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the color of my mind.
Obviously one must hold oneself responsible for the evil impulses of one's dreams. In what other way can one deal with them? Unless the content of the dream rightly understood is inspired by alien spirits, it is part of my own being.
Old age realizes the dreams of youth: look at Dean Swift in his youth he built an asylum for the insane, in his old age he was himself an inmate.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
I never ask a man what his business is, for it never interests me. What I ask him about are his thoughts and dreams.
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so you shall become. Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be your ideal is the prophecy of what you shall at last unveil.
If you can't read, it's going to be hard to realize dreams.
Follow your dreams, believe in yourself and don't give up.
Never let life impede on your ability to manifest your dreams. Dig deeper into your dreams and deeper into yourself and believe that anything is possible, and make it happen.
I never paint dreams or nightmares. I paint my own reality.
The life of a man consists not in seeing visions and in dreaming dreams, but in active charity and in willing service.
You know, the man of my dreams might walk round the corner tomorrow. I'm older and wiser and I think I'd make a great girlfriend. I live in the realm of romantic possibility.
I am a walking piece of art every day, with my dreams and my ambitions forward at all times in an effort to inspire my fans to lead their life in that way.
A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die.
You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization.
We become not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams.
What is life? A madness. What is life? An illusion, a shadow, a story. And the greatest good is little enough for all life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.
You have many years ahead of you to create the dreams that we can't even imagine dreaming. You have done more for the collective unconscious of this planet than you will ever know.
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
Ocean is more ancient than the mountains, and freighted with the memories and the dreams of Time.
Dreams are illustrations... from the book your soul is writing about you.
There's nothing as exciting as a comeback - seeing someone with dreams, watching them fail, and then getting a second chance.
Lose your dreams and you might lose your mind.
Take, if you must, this little bag of dreams, Unloose the cord, and they will wrap you round.
It's insecurity that is always chasing you and standing in the way of your dreams.
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me.
Mr. Tennyson has said that more things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams of, but he wisely refrains from saying whether they are good or bad things.
My own dreams fortunately came true in this great state. I became Mr. Universe I became a successful businessman. And even though some people say I still speak with a slight accent, I have reached the top of the acting profession.
I'm not just a boy toy. I have feelings and dreams like anybody else.
The world is seldom what it seems to man, who dimly sees, realities appear as dreams, and dreams realities.
Most new jobs won't come from our biggest employers. They will come from our smallest. We've got to do everything we can to make entrepreneurial dreams a reality.
When the legends die, the dreams end there is no more greatness.
I tell kids to pursue their basketball dreams, but I tell them to not let that be their only dream.
Flying dreams mean that you're doing the right thing with your life.
Common sense tells us that the things of the earth exist only a little, and that true reality is only in dreams.
My parent's divorce and hard times at school, all those things combined to mold me, to make me grow up quicker. And it gave me the drive to pursue my dreams that I wouldn't necessarily have had otherwise.
It is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.
The way to kill a man or a nation is to cut off his dreams, the way the whites are taking care of the Indians: killing their dreams, their magic, their familiar spirits.
But are not the dreams of poets and the tales of travellers notoriously false?
There are many talented people who haven't fulfilled their dreams because they over thought it, or they were too cautious, and were unwilling to make the leap of faith.
An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head.
The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.
I want my boys to have an understanding of people's emotions, their insecurities, people's distress, and their hopes and dreams.
There are a lot of things that are personally uncomfortable to show, especially me without makeup and completely bloated or crying. But I've realized that it's time for me to show my audience that you don't have to be perfect to achieve your dreams. Because nobody relates to being perfect.
For all life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.
A horse is the projection of peoples' dreams about themselves - strong, powerful, beautiful - and it has the capability of giving us escape from our mundane existence.
Follow your dreams. Just make sure to have fun too.
We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams.
Lonesome. Lonesome. I know what it means. Here all by my lonesome, dreaming empty dreams. Weary. Weary at the close of day, wondering if tomorrow brings me joy or sorrow.
To the degree we're not living our dreams, our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves.
Dream small dreams. If you make them too big, you get overwhelmed and you don't do anything. If you make small goals and accomplish them, it gives you the confidence to go on to higher goals.
Yet it is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.
It takes someone with a vision of the possibilities to attain new levels of experience. Someone with the courage to live his dreams.
Our dreams must be stronger than our memories. We must be pulled by our dreams, rater than pushed by our memories.
The human heart has hidden treasures, In secret kept, in silence sealed The thoughts, the hopes, the dreams, the pleasures, Whose charms were broken if revealed.
I can never decide whether my dreams are the result of my thoughts, or my thoughts the result of my dreams.
A test of what is real is that it is hard and rough. Joys are found in it, not pleasure. What is pleasant belongs to dreams.
Though we may have desires or bold goals, for whatever reason, most of us don't think we can achieve something beyond what we're qualified to achieve. Why, I ask, do we let reality interfere with our dreams?
Dreams are not without meaning wherever thay may come from-from fantasy, from the elements, or from other inspiration.
I just write what I wanted to write. I write what amuses me. It's totally for myself. I never in my wildest dreams expected this popularity.
All of us gave it all we've got, overcame a whole lot just being on the show and learned a lot about ourselves. We're just normal people trying to do what we love and follow our dreams.
Freedom and democracy are dreams you never give up.
My fear is that I go up to the girl of my dreams and say 'I'm sorry, but I've got to say hello to you,' and she slides the stool back and gets up and walks away, saying, 'Not for me, Bub. I don't want anything to do with you.'
People are never more insecure than when they become obsessed with their fears at the expense of their dreams.
Much can be inferred about a man from his mistress: in her one beholds his weaknesses and his dreams.
Dreams can become a reality when we possess a vision that is characterized by the willingness to work hard, a desire for excellence, and a belief in our right and our responsiblity to be equal members of society.
I just kind of wake up with a new idea and new dreams every day, and I follow that dream, as they say.
I did commit to myself that I would not jump back into being the workaholic that I can be before I gave myself an honest opportunity to create the marriage of my dreams and to create the beginning of the family of my dreams, and that took a hot second.
We do not really feel grateful toward those who make our dreams come true they ruin our dreams.
In dreams the truth is learned that all good works are done in the absence of a caress.
You must recognize, embrace, and be honest about what is real for you today and allow that understanding to inform the choices you make. Only then will you be able to build the future of your dreams.
I'm aware of the mystery around us, so I write about coincidences, premonitions, emotions, dreams, the power of nature, magic.
Dreams are like paper, they tear so easily.
When we see the face of a child, we think of the future. We think of their dreams about what they might become, and what they might accomplish.
I don't design clothes, I design dreams.
Everybody past a certain age, regardless of how they look on the outside, pretty much constantly dreams of being able to escape from their lives.
It is one of the blessings of this world that few people see visions and dream dreams.
Rude contact with facts chased my visions and dreams quickly away, and in their stead I beheld the horrors, the corruption, the evils and hypocrisy of society, and as I stood among them, a young wife, a great wail of agony went out from my soul.
Stay focused, go after your dreams and keep moving toward your goals.
To this day, some of my closest friends say, 'Gaga, you know, everything's great. You're a singer your dreams have come true.' But, still, when certain things are said to you over and over again as you're growing up, it stays with you and you wonder if they're true.
Dreams don't have deadlines. I'm thinking of doing bigger and better things and having more fun with it.
To every people the land is given on condition. Perceived or not, there is a Covenant, beyond the constitution, beyond sovereign guarantee, beyond the nation's sweetest dreams of itself.
There's a joy and a pain about directing where the dreams you have are becoming concrete but the attention to detail, the need for time is such that it's overwhelming at times, and the stream of responsibility.
Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.
Dreams are real as long as they last. Can we say more of life?
Take pleasure in your dreams relish your principles and drape your purest feelings on the heart of a precious lover.
To be given the opportunity to help shape new artists' careers and mentor them to see their dreams come to fruition is a task I welcome with open arms.
I know how men in exile feed on dreams.
A friend told me that teenage girls are always looking for someone to pin their dreams on. That doesn't make it any less weird though.
To all, to each, a fair good-night, and pleasing dreams, and slumbers light.
A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket.
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams.
We should be dreaming. We grew up as kids having dreams, but now we're too sophisticated as adults, as a nation. We stopped dreaming. We should always have dreams.
But what I was going to say was, I just figured I'm going to go boldly in the direction of my dreams, say it as Thoreau would say, and just see where it takes me.
At first, dreams seem impossible, then improbable, and eventually inevitable.
What is the conservative movement? It's pretty straightforward. We believe that the way prosperity is created is when people have the freedom and the opportunity to pursue their dreams.
The follow your dreams thing is really important because so many people are railroaded into taking other paths by their family, their friends, people who should be supportive going, 'What are you talking about?' Even just seemingly regular career paths, but if it's not what people expect for you they kind of react funny.
I think when you're in a relationship where you really care for the other person, when they achieve their dreams it's better than when you do yourself.
For even in dreams a good deed is not lost.
Whatever dreams I have wished have come true.
No one may speak for the dead, no one may interpret their mutilated dreams and visions.
I'd definitely be the kind of parent who enabled my child's dreams. I'd just watch and nurture and guide them. I have the blueprints of what not to do... I think I'd be a good parent, actually.
Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true. There is, I believe, no other way to live.
The real hero is always a hero by mistake he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else.
I am so excited to let fans in on how important my relationship with my family is to me. I hope to motivate mothers and daughters to build lifetimes of memories together and inspire kids around the world to live their dreams.
Instead of plotting the demise of the traditional family, as some politicians and religious leaders would have you believe, gay people mow their lawns and watch 'American Idol' and video their children's concerts and have the same hopes and dreams that their straight counterparts do.
Seems like God don't see fit to give the black man nothing but dreams - but He did give us children to make them dreams seem worthwhile.
Like all young reporters - brilliant or hopelessly incompetent - I dreamed of the glamorous life of the foreign correspondent: prowling Vienna in a Burberry trench coat, speaking a dozen languages to dangerous women, narrowly escaping Sardinian bandits - the usual stuff that newspaper dreams are made of.
People's dreams are made out of what they do all day. The same way a dog that runs after rabbits will dream of rabbits. It's what you do that makes your soul, not the other way around.
As a young man you don't notice at all that you were, after all, badly affected. For years afterwards, at least ten years, I kept getting these dreams, in which I had to crawl through ruined houses, along passages I could hardly get through.
Love is the most terrible, and also the most generous of the passions it is the only one which includes in its dreams the happiness of someone else.
I'm living out my dreams and I love what I do.
I paint what cannot be photographed, that which comes from the imagination or from dreams, or from an unconscious drive.
Today, I'm very happy about myself, because I realized my dreams. I learned how to understand what people want.
Within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities.
Dream the impossible because dreams do come true.
The American Dream has run out of gas. The car has stopped. It no longer supplies the world with its images, its dreams, its fantasies. No more. It's over. It supplies the world with its nightmares now: the Kennedy assassination, Watergate, Vietnam.
We've removed the ceiling above our dreams. There are no more impossible dreams.
Women are not in love with me but with the picture of me on the screen. I am merely the canvas on which women paint their dreams.
Dreams become reality when we put our minds to it.
The readers are the ones who let us live our dreams. I try to write books which are really compelling - that you'd take on vacation and rather than going out, you'd read in your hotel room because you had to find out what happened. Hopefully that's what readers are responding to.
Men don't come up to you to just talk. We come up to you with a plan. We're looking across the room at you, and we don't care about your hopes and dreams. We don't care about what your future holds. We saw something we wanted.
It's not like I don't have my own wants and dreams anymore - it's just that the kids come first. It's primal.
One day it just hit me. This is it. You are not in love. So either stay in it because you have a child or be brave and find the man of your dreams and marry him for real.
Dreams are where we visit the many lands and landscapes of human possibility and discover the one where we feel at home. The great religious leaders were all dreamers.
Dreaming in public is an important part of our job description, as science writers, but there are bad dreams as well as good dreams. We're dreamers, you see, but we're also realists, of a sort.
As you look back at your life, there are just a million different things that have happened, just in the right way, to allow you to make your dreams come true. And you know, someone has all that under control.
In a couple, sometimes, one or both people have to give up their personal life, dreams and ambitions for the good of the family.
Men never cling to their dreams with such tenacity as at the moment when they are losing faith in them, and know it, but do not dare yet to confess it to themselves.
Take what you can from your dreams, make them as real as anything.
God, that dumping ground of our dreams.
I am consumed with the fear of failing. Reaching deep down and finding confidence has made all my dreams come true.
What better model of a synthesis than a nocturnal dream? Dreams simplify, don't they?
After having done this whole slew of press for 'Big Love,' now I'll have anxiety dreams for like a week and a half about all the stupid things I said. I can't even imagine being in front of the cameras all the time. I had a weird dream the other night that I was on 'Jersey Shore.'
Even having to do the amount of press that I have to do is dreadful and gives me so much anxiety. After having done this whole slew of press for 'Big Love,' now I'll have anxiety dreams for like a week and a half about all the stupid things I said.
Barack Obama knows that to create an economy built to last, we need to focus on middle-class families. Families who stay up on Sunday nights pacing the floor, like my dad did, while their children, tucked in bed, dream big dreams. Families who aren't sure what Monday morning will bring, but who believe our nation's best days are still ahead.
When we are motivated by goals that have deep meaning, by dreams that need completion, by pure love that needs expressing, then we truly live.
The permanent temptation of life is to confuse dreams with reality. The permanent defeat of life comes when dreams are surrendered to reality.
Everyone wants to look their best, everyone has dreams of wanting to look like something else. But we are who we are.
I say to my colleagues never confine your best work, your hopes, your dreams, the aspiration of the American people to what will be signed by George W. Bush because that is too limiting a factor.
Prime Minister Sharon, Prime Minister Abbas, I urge you today to end the designs of those who seek destruction, annihilation and occupation, and I urge you to have the will and the courage to begin to realize our dreams of peace, prosperity and coexistence.
I'm not certain, but I have a little gypsy blood in me. And my mother always told me that her grandma could give someone the evil eye, and I'd better not cross her because she had some of that blood in her. Mother always believed that she could predict the future, and she had dreams that came true.
The atmosphere is much too near for dreams. It forces us to action. It is close to us. We are in it and of it. It rouses us both to study and to do. We must know its moods and also its motive forces.
You know, one of my biggest dreams in life is to play a Disney princess.
When I look back over my life it's almost as if there was a plan laid out for me - from the little girl who was so passionate about animals who longed to go to Africa and whose family couldn't afford to put her through college. Everyone laughed at my dreams. I was supposed to be a secretary in Bournemouth.
Always wear cute pyjamas to bed, you'll never know who u will meet in your dreams.
A player dreams of being a superstar, but he doesn't want people flocking all over him asking for an autograph.
They should invent some way to tape-record your dreams. I've written songs in my dreams that were Beatles songs. Then I'd wake up and they'd be gone.
The Columbia is lost, but the dreams that inspired its crew remain with us.
Cherish your visions and your dreams, as they are the children of your soul the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Never set limits, go after your dreams, don't be afraid to push the boundaries. And laugh a lot - it's good for you!
I want to help children in Serbia and around the world so they can realize their dreams.
Those born into poverty or on the margins of society require our extra support to realize their dreams.
I know it sounds corny, but when you follow your dreams, it happens. And if it's music, take it seriously.
There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.
You have the dreams that you want, and then you have to do other jobs until you can get to that dream.
I save my dreams and hopes for my kids. When I'm making a wish under a bridge or tunnel, it's always for them.
If I thought that any of this was pre ordained, then it takes away any kind of incentive to struggle, or to put up with things, to reach for those impossible dreams, all those dramatic things.
I think basically becoming famous has taken the place of going to Heaven in modern society, hasn't it? That's the place where your dreams will come true. It's an act of faith now they think that's going to sort things out.
When violence becomes imbedded in a region, then this affects everything. It affects your dreams, your fantasies and relationships, and your religion becomes violent, too.
There's a line I have that our family was designed more for public than for private. But there are definitely some things that are only mine. I am someone who dreams at night, and you don't know what I'm dreaming.
My father, his spirit is with me constantly, and I'm a believer in that world and the world of dreams and that stuff.
I've never been bashful to say that I'm not really interested in Formula One. When I lived in England, it's all I wanted to do and I thought that anything else would somehow be a compromise to my dreams. But then when I came back to the States, I realised how much I loved being back in the States.
I've been interested in dreams since I as a kid and I've wanted to do a film about them for a long time.
But I have been interested in dreams, really since I was a kid. I have always been fascinated by the idea that your mind, when you are asleep, can create a world in a dream and you are perceiving it as though it really existed.
The buildings that I build very often have a dreamlike reality. I don't mean by that they have a fantasy quality at all, in fact quite the reverse. They contain in some degree the ingredients that give dreams their power... stuff that's very close to us.
Freedom is not an ideal, it is not even a protection, if it means nothing more than freedom to stagnate, to live without dreams, to have no greater aim than a second car and another television set.
I think cinema is closer to allegories than to reality. It's closer to our dreams.
There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality.
In my wildest dreams, I could not have imagined a sweeter life.
Vain hopes are like certain dreams of those who wake.
My professional dreams were coming true while I was living a personal nightmare.
My dreams are all follies.
Dreams have always expanded our understanding of reality by challenging our boundaries of the real, of the possible.
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just the determination to realize them.
We used to talk about wanting to get some money, but that's when hip-hop was based on your dreams and your fantasy. The whole thing now is the dreams and fantasies were achieved, and you don't want to make it the focal point. You can't keep beating that dead horse.
My mother was always working for a job, so I guess I was always trained that I should have multiple jobs, multiple aspirations. And I remember she had multiple aspirations, always hearing about her dreams and things she did in the past and things she wanted to do.
Good dreams don't come cheap, you've got to pay for them and If you just dream when you're asleep this is no way for them to come alive... to survive.
I was always someone who lived in the future all the time, it was always the next thing - dreams of escape.
There's a good deal in common between the mind's eye and the TV screen, and though the TV set has all too often been the boobtube, it could be, it can be, the box of dreams.
You'll be much more successful if you follow your dreams and follow your passions.
Google is a global Rorschach test. We see in it what we want to see. Google has built an infrastructure that makes a lot of dreams closer to reality.
Dreams do come true. If anyone's proof of that, it's me.
Things have gone beyond my wildest expectations and dreams, and I feel like I've been given so many blessings in my life, between my friendship with the guys in the band, our wonderful audience, being able to play this music, and then my family.
My dreams and aspirations when I was a child for as long as I can remember was to be an entertainer.
My mother gave me my drive but my father gave me my dreams.
Having achieved my own dreams, I want to give to kids who are less fortunate, who struggle with everyday obstacles. I want to give them something positive in their lives: support.
You have to dream dreams to live dreams.
But baseball bounced back in the next decade to reclaim its place as the national pastime: new heroes, spirited competition, and booming prosperity gave birth to dreams of expansion, both within the major leagues and around the world.
I'd really like to get the girl, shoot the gun, drive the car, have fun. I even have these kind of action dreams, where I'm the action guy.
Sometimes, you follow your dreams. I say to the young people, 'If you have a dream, chase it.'
It was never in my dreams to make my personal life anybody else's business.
No person has the right to rain on your dreams.
I am rich beyond the dreams of avarice.
I have shared my whole life. My private and my show business life. It helps me actually to feel my songs and to go on with my dreams.
I'm particularly proud of my reluctance to share my dreams with anyone.
Talking, talking. Spinning a web of words, pale walls of dreams, between myself and all I see.
In Nicaragua, liberty, equality and the rule of law were the stuff of dreams. But in Paris I discovered the value of those words.
So many of my dreams were to actually be able to make a living of what I did as a hobby.
As a child our dreams got scattered all about and all our future prospects got scattered to so many places, and we spend our lives trying to find the little pieces that make up our lives and make up the dreams that we had as a child that got blown away in the windstorm.
I work, and then whenever I have any other time, I'm with my daughter, and then I go to sleep. I think you basically have to abandon the dreams of having any other adult activities in your life. You have to go to sleep whenever your child goes to sleep. That's basically how we're doing it.
We live because of the dreams.
The usual channels of university studies or secretarial work did not appeal to me. I cherished difficult dreams through confidence in myself.
If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts.
With Shakespeare and poetry, a new world was born. New dreams, new desires, a self consciousness was born. I desired to know to know myself in terms of the new standards set by these books.
The Brown decision promised that every child, regardless of the color of his or her skin, would have unequivocal access to quality education and an equal opportunity to pursue his/her dreams.
I mean, we've all had those dreams where, you know, we try to cry out and our voice won't come.
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they're called dreams.
Dreams are illusions, and we can't let go of them because we would be dead.
I try to help people realize their dreams by using magic to tell stories that educate, move, and inspire.
What differentiates us from animals is the fact that we can listen to other people's dreams, fears, joys, sorrows, desires and defeats - and they in turn can listen to ours.
Most 'reality' shows aren't reality at all. They're game shows with no prize. Like 'Rock of Love.' His aren't genuine feelings. Then again, Bob Barker didn't really care whether or not you won the toaster. Sorry to shatter everyone's dreams.
Whoever I can go out every week and motivate to do better and to try to go after their dreams, I'm up for that.
The work of an advertising agency is warmly and immediately human. It deals with human needs, wants, dreams and hopes. Its 'product' cannot be turned out on an assembly line.
I think people tend to see the bigger point, which is maybe not fitting in and feeling like you didn't have the childhood that you expected you would have, or that you felt lonely or struggled with drugs and alcohol or just that you were able to achieve your dreams.
When I was a kid, I wanted to be serious, like Daniel Day-Lewis. No one really dreams of being a comic actor, do they? Now I realise how stupid that is - and it's because comic acting isn't taken seriously enough. It's a discipline. You know instantly - either you're funny and getting the laughs, or you're not.
Too many athletes are living in a tiny window. They have no vision for themselves - what they can be outside of football and what they can mean to a community. They just don't know any better. My hopes and dreams are unlimited.
The human imagination... has great difficulty in living strictly within the confines of a materialist practice or philosophy. It dreams, like a dog in its basket, of hares in the open.
I have absurdly vivid dreams.
I mean, every child at one stage dreams of being a prince or a princess.
I don't understand people who dream in black and white. I just don't get it. My dreams have always been vivid color.
We have lost that which has made us great over the generations, and that is the sense of individual and personal responsibility that we can come up, we can pursue our dreams and our aspirations and we won't be blocked by government regulation, by the inability to get a loan as a small business to make our dreams come true.
Dreams seem to have a will of their own.
I think everyone dreams of that nice romantic wedding.
I was not born in a home where there were stereotypes. So that was very useful because it gave me the sense of possibilities, of flying, if I may say, of making my hopes and dreams a reality.
I've never dreamed of a story idea. I have such boring dreams.
Our dreams are made of real things, like a shoebox full of photographs.
I have a notebook that is filled to the brim with my dreams and ideas and goals and aspirations.
Sometimes your dreams come true.
Catcher in the Rye had a profound impact on me-the idea that we all have lots of dreams that are slowly being chipped away as we grow up.
Though I know he loves me, tonight my heart is sad his kiss was not so wonderful as all the dreams I had.
I am very lucky because I am realizing my childhood dreams, and after presenting my shows it's like a party.
That disturbs people when they know they didn't have the guts or integrity to stick to their dreams.
My heroes, my dreams, and my future lay in Yankee Stadium. And they can't take that away from me.
Every year for New Years I write down all of my goals and dreams and put them in my Bible. At the end of the year I go and pull the paper out and check this off and check that off.
I only remember the end of my dreams, like waking up at a steering wheel, or falling.
Talking about food is like talking about your dreams. Everyone has something to say. We all have to eat, it's just what we eat which differs. Some people eat for fuel and I feel bad for them.
I tell people, 'It's just like a cliche, but it's true: In Hollywood, dreams can come true.'
But we can hold our spirits and our bodies so pure and high, we may cherish such thoughts and such ideals, and dream such dreams of lofty purpose, that we can determine and know what manner of men we will be, whenever and wherever the hour strikes and calls to noble action.
We need to be aware of what we are capable of first and realize that if you place your dreams really really high, you do have the potential to get to that level.
Sports nurtures dreams of achieving self confidence and masculine striving for the skinny kid watching a boxer dance around the ring with sublime ease.
People's real hopes and dreams can be distorted and misdirected and packaged until you're not sure what you really want or what you even really need.
When I began to choreograph and find my way pulling other artists' dreams out and changing music in a visual way, there was still a part of me that had something more to say. There was still a desire to rock a stage and ultimately perform the eight count of my dream, but there was a lot of insecurity there.
My work is to reach people with ideas, hopes, dreams, encouragement, insight, and revelation. That's what an actor wants to do.
Vision gets the dreams started. Dreaming employs your God-given imagination to reinforce the vision. Both are part of something I believe is absolutely necessary to building the life of a champion, a winner, a person of high character who is consistently at the top of whatever game he or she is in.
It's not only imagination, it's the distortion of the vision. You suddenly think, This person is idealistic, this person is strong, this person has dreams, when you know better most of the time. You put what you want to see on people.
I couldn't help but to think back to my classmates at Thomas Jefferson High School in San Antonio. They had the same talent, the same brains, the same dreams as the folks we sat with at Stanford and Harvard. I realized the difference wasn't one of intelligence or drive. The difference was opportunity.
To me, what I love about the draft is first, you see the young men who are realizing their dreams that they've worked so hard for. That's a pretty cool thing. You saw the emotion from some of these guys the other day. And then, the second thing is this total sense of hope and optimism. And, I think that's great for everybody.
My wife is beginning to instruct me on means to retrieve dreams, and bit by bit, it does seem to be working.
It was a lovely opportunity for the first time in my whole career to stand up and thank people who are really responsible for me getting to realize my dreams.
Men are the dreams of a shadow.
When I was in high school, I don't know that I really had big dreams.
I was a great dreamer of day dreams.
The great function of poetry is to give back to us the situations of our dreams.
A fulfilling life is different to each person. You have to acknowledge your dreams, and not just wait for life to happen, and opportunities to come knocking at your door.
It never occurred to me that I'd be on a television show or in feature films but when those came into play my dreams changed along the way.
I don't dream songs. I'm more apt to write dreams down and then to be able to interpret them into a song. I also tend to get up and write prose in the morning from which will come songs.
I had some wonderful dreaming meetings. I can't tell you specifically what they've been in the recent months. In the past they've been verbal kinds of messages that he needed to give me. Now they're more dreams of his presence.
No, I never had any dreams. The process of art is a dream in itself. The artist just doesn't... you work out something. It's yours. You don't have to go to sleep to do that. You do that on the canvas.
I heard my name associated with the Peter Pan syndrome more than once. But really, what's so wrong with Peter Pan? Peter Pan flies. He is a metaphor for dreams and faith.
I can't sing but I can understand wanting to keep a balance, trying to pursue dreams, while creating a stable environment for my children.
All the characters in my books are imagined, but all have a bit of who I am in them - much like the characters in your dreams are all formed by who you are.
I feel more influenced in my own work by dreams than I do by other writers' works in a way. Or by popular culture, movies - what else is there to write about than love and loss?
It's like one of those dreams you have when someone is chasing you. You're running as fast as you can, and someone's trotting behind you, just out of range, trying to grab onto you.
Dreams really tell you about yourself more than anything else in this world could ever tell you.
Everyone dreams, but not everybody remembers their dreams because some people go into delta they go too low.
I always knew that we were going to be successful and accomplish and succeed at our dreams. There was never a doubt in my mind. When we were recording 'Appetite For Destruction,' we all knew.
Your mind, while blessed with permanent memory, is cursed with lousy recall. Written goals provide clarity. By documenting your dreams, you must think about the process of achieving them.
I've accomplished a lot, but I still have more dreams that I want to achieve.
A lot of people put pressure on themselves and think it will be way too hard for them to live out their dreams. Mentors are there to say, 'Look, it's not that tough. It's not as hard as you think. Here are some guidelines and things I have gone through to get to where I am in my career.'
I actually build my dreams around the dancers I've got in my company.
My mother was really my partner in every project that I had. She was just the great enabler of my dreams.
To all the kids out there: Follow your dream. Believe in your dream. Because dreams do come true.
What's interesting is, for myself, when I become really attracted to somebody, I find them in my dreams... conversations, nothing more.
You only get one album. You only get one single. You get one shot in music. But I have a million different dreams. Why can't I go out and try to achieve them all? Who are you to say I can't?
I believe dreams represent the purest form of fantasy we unleash through our subconscious. They represent the truest freedom we can experience. Totally unrepressed and totally creative.
To provoke dreams of terror in the slumber of prosperity has become the moral duty of literature.
I'm sure I have a process, but it mostly takes place in my dreams.
I think I am done with Wikipedia for the time being. But I have a secret hope. Someone recently proposed a Wikimorgue - a bin of broken dreams where all rejects could still be read, as long as they weren't libelous or otherwise illegal.
You have to be vigorous. That's the only way you are going to get it because everybody has dreams and everybody has goals, but the only people who achieve them are the ones that go after it and don't take no for an answer.
I think dreams can come true, but not necessarily like fairy-tales. It's not always so perfect like that.
The worst thing you can do to a kid is tell them that their dreams are invalid.
As a kid, this is what I wanted my life to be. Not in my wildest dreams did I ever dare to dream that it would be this.
I began my career with infantile dreams of becoming a composer.
You've got to have a dream... if you don't have any big dreams, nothing happens.
Man is firmly convinced that he is awake in reality he is caught in a net of sleep and dreams which he has unconsciously woven himself.
Have you ever wondered why young people take to music like fish to water? Maybe it's because music is fun. Plan and simple. It opens up their minds to dream great dreams about where they can go and what they can do when they get older.
It's not like I had big dreams to go to California and become an actor. I loved doing my shows at school and community theater, and I probably would have settled in New York because it was closer. I was going to go to NYU.
I can't comprehend that I'm in the film of 'Les Miserables.' It's one of those dreams I thought would be unattainable for someone like me, who came from nowhere.
It's not my job to dream your dreams. It's my job to make your dreams become a reality.
My dream life is just to go back to my job full-time. And be with my family. You know, regular dreams, common dreams that everyone has.
Real shapes and real patterns are things you would observe in nature, like the marks on the back of a cobra's hood or the markings on a fish or a lizard. Imaginary shapes are just that, symbols that come to a person in dreams or reveries and are charged with meaning.
What are the Democrats, the party of Jim Matheson, telling them? The message of the Democrats is that the Amercian dream is over. 'The government is all you have. Give up your dreams, and the government will save you, the government will heal you, the government will be your hope and change.' We know here in Utah, none of that is true.
The percentage you're paying is too high priced While you're living beyond all your means And the man in the suit has just bought a new car From the profit he's made on your dreams.
I have my own production company called Urban Dreams.
Each has its lesson for our dreams in sooth, come they in shape of demons, gods, or elves, are allegories with deep hearts of truth that tell us solemn secrets of ourselves.
I understand it's my role to realize people's dreams.
I don't have dreams. How can I say it? I myself am a dream.
I understand it's my role to realize people's dreams. I'm O.K. with that so long as my songs are my own. No one can take my songs away from me.
Today I know that there is still work to be done, but along the way my I am achieving my dreams.
I really want to live in New York. That's the city of my dreams.
I would like to see anyone be able to achieve their dreams, and that's what this organization does.
The dialogue between client and architect is about as intimate as any conversation you can have, because when you're talking about building a house, you're talking about dreams.
Dreams have only the pigmentation of fact.
Believe in and follow your dreams.
All books are either dreams or swords, you can cut, or you can drug, with words.
I love working with kids, talking with them and listening to them. I always encourage kids to reach beyond their dreams. Don't try to be like me. Be better than me.
If there were dreams to sell, what would you buy?
Acting is fantastic, but to be able to create a whole world on celluloid is amazing. It's like taking your dreams straight from your head and projecting them onto a screen.
This may sound strange but I had dreams as a kid of doing exactly what I ended up doing in my life.
Dreams can still come true you need a great deal of energy and determination, and a little bit of luck.
When you're a young English person who wants to be an actress and you have dreams, you dream of being Vanessa Redgrave or Judi Dench.
The man who never dreams, goes slowly mad.
To be here today is just beyond my wildest dreams.
As soon as I became old enough to make my dreams my reality, I became a firm believer that the subconscious and the world outside of our flesh and blood is essentially the truth.
Perhaps, all writers walk such a line. In general - as we all do in our dreams - I believe I put something of myself into all the characters in my novels, male as well as female.
The Hispanic community values entrepreneurship and family-owned businesses, and we deserve a leader in Washington who is dedicated to creating an environment where our values, our goals and our dreams of prosperity can become reality.
And the Republican Party especially associates the market with the idea of progress, goodness, family, and points us toward the mall as an answer to all our personal dreams.
Our theme for this year's festivities, Dreams and Challenges of Asian Pacific Americans, speaks to the many generations of Asian Pacific Americans who worked hard to overcome economic hardship, racism and other barriers in their pursuit of the American dream.
No man's brain is so dull, and no man's eye so blind, that they cannot catch food for dreams.
As I watched bookstores close, I began to wonder how that felt for the owners. Owning a bookstore was their dream and now they're struggling and seeing those dreams fall apart.
I grew up with not a lot of money and I definitely shopped at Goodwill. But even in my most unfortunate state, I was really blessed compared to a lot of the rest of the world. I had a really great chance to follow my dreams and have them actually come true.
Am I athletic? In my dreams.
Follow your passion, be prepared to work hard and sacrifice, and, above all, don't let anyone limit your dreams.
In the year since we brought things into the open with a clean breath of fresh air at City Hall, we have learned about corrupt spending practices and unethical conflicts of interest that waste your money... and keep Dallas from being the great city of our dreams.
I was very inspired by Les Blank's film 'Burden of Dreams.' I think what's unique about his film and the two I've made is that they're close examinations of filmmakers and how their own emotional experiences reflect in the material they're rendering, and vice versa - how that material sometimes colors their own lives.
The Washington black community was able to succeed beyond his wildest dreams. I mean, we had our own newspapers, our own restaurants, our own theaters, our own small shops, our own clubs, our own Masonic lodges.
Most of my actor friends don't believe it's possible to let go of it and be happy, and for a while that was true for me. For the first two years I ached, every day. And I had such bad dreams. But then I made the decision to start working on my little shop and all that went away.
I think what every skater dreams of is not only skating the best program they can possibly skate, but, y'know, having the crowd roar at the end, and it was just so loud I couldn't even hear my music.
Seems like half my anxiety dreams are about airports.
To see your friend's dreams come true, there's really nothing that can make you happier.
The Olympics is about letting people believe in their own dreams.
Dreams can be like charades in which we act out words rather than see or speak them.
I think there must be a place inside of us where dreams go and wait their turn.
Gradually it occurred to me that we spend a great deal of life asleep and that dreams are little narratives, little stories. I thought, 'Who's choreographing this stuff?'
I think I usually have quite ordinary dreams. Sometimes my dreams take me to other dimensions. I can travel in my mind especially when I'm dreaming I focus my mind on what I want to dream. If I want to fly, I focus on flying.
Our dreams are a second life. I have never been able to penetrate without a shudder those ivory or horned gates which separate us from the invisible world.
Hopefully kids will look at me and see that your dreams can come true.
Hopes are but the dreams of those that wake.
Jazz to me is a living music. It's a music that since its beginning has expressed the feelings, the dreams, hopes, of the people.
The idea of being able to serve as an example, based upon how to process, how to think, how to realize our own dreams, we can pass that down to our children.
Horror, for me, has to involve some sort of fantasy. Horror is something that is in your dreams or your nightmares.
It's surreal to know my dreams are coming true.
I want to find someone who's really into something like I'm really into something, so that I can support them and we can both cheer each other on. I've got a lot of dreams I want to achieve, and I hope someone can cheer me on as I'll cheer them on in their dreams.
I put a lot of faith in dreams. I know that big movie roles and opportunities are going to happen.
Hollywood is the dream factory, and no one dreams about older women.
If there is one place on the face of earth where all the dreams of living men have found a home from the very earliest days when man began the dream of existence, it is India.
I just want to be myself and go for my own dreams and goals.
Dreams sometimes foretell the future.
O reason, reason, abstract phantom of the waking state, I had already expelled you from my dreams, now I have reached a point where those dreams are about to become fused with apparent realities: now there is only room here for myself.
I don't remember my dreams. I'm one of those weird people. I know there are tricks and things you can do, but I never remember my dreams.
One of the dreams of Zionism was to be a bridge. Instead, we are creating exclusion between the East and the West instead of creating bridges we are contributing to the conflict between East and West by our stupid desire to have more.
As far as my dreams go, all I want to do is be a working actor, and I happily achieved that.
But what I'd really like to tell you is I never dreamed of being in the Hall of Fame. Standing here with all these great players was beyond any of my dreams.
I had dreams of catching the ball for the final out in the World Series and being mobbed by my teammates. Well, I guess all my dreams didn't come true.
Right now, I have some big dreams. But at the same time, if I get annoyed and harassed by the media, I'll just quit. I don't care. We're set for life. I have quite a temper.
If you have a dream, just lie about it. Lie your way unto your dreams.
I'm following my dreams and doing what I love as a designer. I did not want to be one of those kids with a famous last name that doesn't do anything. That is very unfulfilling to me and I'm very happy.
Las Vegas is a very strange place. It's a place of broken dreams.
I had dreams, but I didn't have the sense that they would necessarily work out. They seemed very far-fetched.
The Oval Office symbolizes... the Constitution, the hopes and dreams, and I'm going to say democracy. And when you have a dress code in the Supreme Court and a dress code on the floor of the Senate, floor of the House, I think it's appropriate to have an expectation that there will be a dress code that respects the office of the President.
I worry whether it's not really the best way to live one's life - trying to fulfill the dreams you had as a child. Maybe it's quite a backwards approach.
Art is for entertainment purposes, but it's also to reflect our dreams, our hopes, the present, the future the past - whether it's good or bad.
I can think of some things that would be fun, but I'm living my dreams.
My dreams for the future are simple: work, a happy, healthy family, a lovely long motorcycle ride, and continuing the struggle to awaken people to the need for serious human rights reform.
Dreams can come true.
Our fathers had their dreams we have ours the generation that follows will have its own. Without dreams and phantoms man cannot exist.
As I've grown - dare I say it - older, I had hopes of indulging my dreams of being a sailor.
I think L.A.'s terrific. You fly an hour and a half and you're in the mountains in three feet of powder. I also think it's a much better city if you're working as an actor. If you're not working and you don't see your dreams coming true, there can be a lot of heartache.
Now, everybody, I suppose, is aware that in recent years the silly business of divination by dreams has ceased to be a joke and has become a very serious science.
It is all nonsense, to be sure and so much the greater nonsense inasmuch as the true interpretation of many dreams - not by any means of all dreams - moves, it may be said, in the opposite direction to the method of psycho-analysis.
If a man dreams that he has committed a sin before which the sun hid his face, it is often safe to conjecture that, in sheer forgetfulness, he wore a red tie, or brown boots with evening dress.
In the fifties I had dreams about touching a naked woman and she would turn to bronze or the dream about hot dogs chasing donuts through the Lincoln Tunnel.
I have lived with my husband more than I have with my parents... I live beside him, and know his worries, his hopes, and his dreams for his nation. We believe that things happen by design, not in an arbitrary way. And we believe it is our duty to make things happen.
We don't have an eternity to realize our dreams, only the time we are here.
In my dreams I am not crippled. In my dreams, I dance.
When you're a kid, you have these big ideas and these big dreams to make a change, or maybe you feel like you can't make a difference.
We didn't know how to run a business, but we had dreams and talent.
They were using the dolls to project their dreams of their own futures as adult women.
The London Games will be designed for the athletes and we will provide them with the very best venues and the very best conditions to pursue their sporting dreams in London.
American dreams are strongest in the hearts of those who have seen America only in their dreams.
In my childhood, America was like a religion. Then, real-life Americans abruptly entered my life - in jeeps - and upset all my dreams.
Hollywood has always been a cage... a cage to catch our dreams.
I've succeeded beyond my wildest dreams - financially and the amount of fun I have in my life.
Deep down, I'm a Texas girl looking for that big romance every girl dreams about. Biologically, I look forward to being a cornerstone of a family. I'll be in my glory when I have a child on my knee.
I'm a journeyman actor, and I don't ever want to forget that. With romantic-lead dreams.
I look up to people who succeed in accomplishing their dreams.
Dreams have as much influence as actions.
There's a logic to dreams that doesn't necessarily follow linear narrative. You don't know why things happen, it's your subconscious pushing you, to give you information.
I've been blessed by doing classic plays on Broadway, which was one of my great dreams forever.
It is possible for a kid from east Texas, raised in south central LA and Carson, who believes in his dreams, commits himself to them with his heart, to touch them and to have them happen.
People have to remain positive and believe in those dreams. It's really important.
Our citizens and those who have gone before us charted the broad outlines of where we need to go, and they would envy our opportunity to translate those dreams into action. And I believe they will judge us very harshly should we fail to act.
In my wildest dreams I never thought - well, I never thought I'd work.
Dreams grow holy put in action.
Dreams take you beyond what you think you can do in life.
We can bring to characters dark and bright sides that nobody even dreams about.
When I walk up on that shore in Florida, I want millions of those AARP sisters and brothers to look at me and say, 'I'm going to go write that novel I thought it was too late to do. I'm going to go work in Africa on that farm that those people need help at. I'm going to adopt a child. It's not too late, I can still live my dreams.'
It's not too late, I can still live my dreams.
If you choose not to pursue your dreams, you'll still be a part of a dream - only it will be someone else's.
I love my early movies, but naturalism is an artist's early style. Now I want to deal with feelings, dreams, an acceptance of irrationality.
We are selling dreams. We are merchants of happiness.
Every actor dreams of getting a big break, a big opportunity.
The armored cars of dreams, contrived to let us do so many a dangerous thing.
To become truly immortal, a work of art must escape all human limits: logic and common sense will only interfere. But once these barriers are broken, it will enter the realms of childhood visions and dreams.
Ground not upon dreams you know they are ever contrary.
They should hold themselves absolutely upon the immovable foundation of truth and nature, whereby alone they can save themselves from misapprehensions and from the danger of being entirely carried away from reality into mere dreams and fictions.
The ideal of all Kosovo is membership in the E.U. and a permanent friendship with the United States. I believe and I am convinced our dreams will come true.
We need affordable space travel to inspire our youth, to let them know that they can experience their dreams, can set significant goals and be in a position to lead all of us to future progress in exploration, discovery and fun. Thanks to the X Prize for the inspiration.
Books that distribute things... with as daring a freedom as we use in dreams, put us on our feet again.
When a child, my dreams rode on your wishes, I was your son, high on your horse, My mind a top whipped by the lashes Of your rhetoric, windy of course.
I adore this adventure, I adore working with youth. For me it's a daily challenge, working to help these youths realize their dreams.
All my dreams are coming true all across the board for some reason.
America allows us to be able to dream, then gives us the ability to achieve those dreams.
Wide awake I can make my most fantastic dreams come true.
I appreciate everything that has been done for me. After a difficult start, I've just followed my dreams.
My mom taught me to go after my dreams. I have this faith in myself that I must have gotten from her.
After all those days in the cotton fields, the dreams came true on a gold record on a piece of wood. It's in my den where I can look at it every day. I wear it out lookin' at it.
Let us keep the dance of rain our fathers kept and tread our dreams beneath the jungle sky.
We are people with all the hopes, dreams, passions, and faults of everyone else. Eighty percent of us are born into families with no history of dwarfism.
You don't get old until you replace dreams with regrets.
My new life goes beyond my dreams because my dream was Formula One and I achieved it. I'm a driver, I feel like a driver. I have won this race because I am alive.
War is eternity jammed into frantic minutes that will fill a lifetime with dreams and nightmares.
In our dreams we are always young.
But I am delighted to be a Dodger, I grew up a Dodger fan and now my dreams have really come true.
Don't be afraid of your dreams.
Tell me about yourself - your struggles, your dreams, your telephone number.
When your dreams tire, they go underground and out of kindness that's where they stay.
I'll see you in my dreams.
There are no dreams too large, no innovation unimaginable and no frontiers beyond our reach.
I would go to bed every night and have dreams about having a time machine and somehow I'd have the ability to move through time and space freely, and save Anne Frank.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
My mother said I must always be intolerant of ignorance but understanding of illiteracy. That some people, unable to go to school, were more educated and more intelligent than college professors.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
In the first place, God made idiots. That was for practice. Then he made school boards.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.
A liberal education is at the heart of a civil society, and at the heart of a liberal education is the act of teaching.
It is a thousand times better to have common sense without education than to have education without common sense.
He who opens a school door, closes a prison.
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.
Education is not preparation for life education is life itself.
The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth.
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
The doer alone learneth.
A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated.
Education doesn't change life much. It just lifts trouble to a higher plane of regard.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained.
No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child. The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure.
Change is the end result of all true learning.
America is becoming so educated that ignorance will be a novelty. I will belong to the select few.
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life.
Education is a better safeguard of liberty than a standing army.
The more that learn to read the less learn how to make a living. That's one thing about a little education. It spoils you for actual work. The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living.
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom.
An educated person is one who has learned that information almost always turns out to be at best incomplete and very often false, misleading, fictitious, mendacious - just dead wrong.
The illiterate of the future will not be the person who cannot read. It will be the person who does not know how to learn.
Much education today is monumentally ineffective. All too often we are giving young people cut flowers when we should be teaching them to grow their own plants.
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another.
Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves.
I am often amazed at how much more capability and enthusiasm for science there is among elementary school youngsters than among college students.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books.
Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
Education, n.: That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the foolish their lack of understanding.
No man who worships education has got the best out of education... Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
Learn to think continentally.
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence.
Learning, n. The kind of ignorance distinguishing the studious.
An educated man is thoroughly inoculated against humbug, thinks for himself and tries to give his thoughts, in speech or on paper, some style.
When I get a little money I buy books and if any is left I buy food and clothes.
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course.
To the uneducated, an A is just three sticks.
The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
Poor people cannot rely on the government to come to help you in times of need. You have to get your education. Then nobody can control your destiny.
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths pure theatre.
Education is all a matter of building bridges.
The object of education is to prepare the young to educate themselves throughout their lives.
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle.
I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly.
If I were again beginning my studies, I would follow the advice of Plato and start with mathematics.
The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.
An educated people can be easily governed.
Learning is a result of listening, which in turn leads to even better listening and attentiveness to the other person. In other words, to learn from the child, we must have empathy, and empathy grows as we learn.
I think everyone should go to college and get a degree and then spend six months as a bartender and six months as a cabdriver. Then they would really be educated.
Education is the transmission of civilization.
If the education of our kids comes from radio, television, newspapers - if that's where they get most of their knowledge from, and not from the schools, then the powers that be are definitely in charge, because they own all those outlets.
Your library is your paradise.
If the Romans had been obliged to learn Latin, they would never have found time to conquer the world.
The only real failure in life is one not learned from.
He who studies books alone will know how things ought to be, and he who studies men will know how they are.
It is with children that we have the best chance of studying the development of logical knowledge, mathematical knowledge, physical knowledge, and so forth.
America is the best half-educated country in the world.
I read Shakespeare and the Bible, and I can shoot dice. That's what I call a liberal education.
It is always in season for old men to learn.
Education... has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.
If an ignorant person is attracted by the things of the world, that is bad. But if a learned person is thus attracted, it is worse.
True, a little learning is a dangerous thing, but it still beats total ignorance.
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed.
Responsibility educates.
I would like to learn, or remember, how to live.
Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing, the rest is mere sheep-herding.
Men and women must be educated, in a great degree, by the opinions and manners of the society they live in.
I learned more stuff in church than I did in the world.
The willingness to learn new skills is very high.
To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us.
If I had learned education I would not have had time to learn anything else.
Man is what he reads.
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God.
The simplest schoolboy is now familiar with truths for which Archimedes would have sacrificed his life.
I know a lot of people think I'm dumb. Well, at least I ain't no educated fool.
Every educated person is a future enemy.
It is well to read everything of something, and something of everything.
To me education is a leading out of what is already there in the pupil's soul. To Miss Mackay it is a putting in of something that is not there, and that is not what I call education. I call it intrusion.
Our universities and museums are respected around the country.
I am sure my fellow-scientists will agree with me if I say that whatever we were able to achieve in our later years had its origin in the experiences of our youth and in the hopes and wishes which were formed before and during our time as students.
The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education.
The purpose of education is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute all my success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her.
Formal education will make you a living self-education will make you a fortune.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not the world is full of educated failures. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.
Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil.
A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education.
Don't let schooling interfere with your education.
I've never let my school interfere with my education.
Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
I have always had this view about the modern education system: we pay attention to brain development, but the development of warmheartedness we take for granted.
Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely. The real safeguard of democracy, therefore, is education.
Education consists mainly of what we have unlearned.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.
I never let schooling interfere with my education.
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
There is no end to education. It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with education. The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning.
Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
No part of the education of a politician is more indispensable than the fighting of elections.
The highest result of education is tolerance.
To penetrate and dissipate these clouds of darkness, the general mind must be strengthened by education.
The giving of love is an education in itself.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.
Purity of personal life is the one indispensable condition for building up a sound education.
Do you know the difference between education and experience? Education is when you read the fine print experience is what you get when you don't.
Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education. The human mind is our fundamental resource.
Education is an ornament in prosperity and a refuge in adversity.
Genius without education is like silver in the mine.
If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn't need motivation to speed him up. What he needs is education to turn him around.
Sex education may be a good idea in the schools, but I don't believe the kids should be given homework.
It might be said now that I have the best of both worlds. A Harvard education and a Yale degree.
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.
Education is the best provision for old age.
We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools. We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible.
In large states public education will always be mediocre, for the same reason that in large kitchens the cooking is usually bad.
Education comes from within you get it by struggle and effort and thought.
Education is hanging around until you've caught on.
No man should bring children into the world who is unwilling to persevere to the end in their nature and education.
I had a terrible education. I attended a school for emotionally disturbed teachers.
Cutting the deficit by gutting our investments in innovation and education is like lightening an overloaded airplane by removing its engine. It may make you feel like you're flying high at first, but it won't take long before you feel the impact.
The truth is, in order to get things like universal health care and a revamped education system, then someone is going to have to give up a piece of their pie so that someone else can have more.
The most important part of education is proper training in the nursery.
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
I cannot understand how the education of this United States of America has been fooled time and time again. Either make it separate but equal or integrate, therefore it will be equal. And it has been separate and unequal.
The highest education is that which does not merely give us information but makes our life in harmony with all existence.
If a man neglects education, he walks lame to the end of his life.
There's only one thing that can kill the movies, and that's education.
The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.
Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill.
For good nurture and education implant good constitutions.
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.
You can choose a future where more Americans have the chance to gain the skills they need to compete, no matter how old they are or how much money they have. Education was the gateway to opportunity for me. It was the gateway for Michelle. And now more than ever, it is the gateway to a middle-class life.
Education is a weapon whose effects depend on who holds it in his hands and at whom it is aimed.
Nature has always had more force than education.
Academic qualifications are important and so is financial education. They're both important and schools are forgetting one of them.
Give a girl an education and introduce her properly into the world, and ten to one but she has the means of settling well, without further expense to anybody.
Talk is by far the most accessible of pleasures. It costs nothing in money, it is all profit, it completes our education, founds and fosters our friendships, and can be enjoyed at any age and in almost any state of health.
To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education. To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun. To accuse neither oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
Education is the investment our generation makes in the future.
The Church is not a gallery for the exhibition of eminent Christians, but a school for the education of imperfect ones.
The American culture promotes personal responsibility, the dignity of work, the value of education, the merit of service, devotion to a purpose greater than self, and at the foundation, the pre-eminence of family.
What have I got? No looks, no money, no education. Just talent.
We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought.
Opportunity expands when there is excellence and choice in education, when taxes are lowered, when every citizen has affordable, portable health insurance and when constitutional freedoms are preserved.
I am running for president to help create a better future. A future where everyone who wants a job can find one. Where no senior fears for the security of their retirement. An America where every parent knows that their child will get an education that leads them to a good job and a bright horizon.
The most valuable of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it has to be done, whether you like it or not.
Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.
As people do better, they start voting like Republicans - unless they have too much education and vote Democratic, which proves there can be too much of a good thing.
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.
No group and no government can properly prescribe precisely what should constitute the body of knowledge with which true education is concerned.
Common sense is in spite of, not as the result of education.
The aim of a college education is to teach you to know a good man when you see one.
Let's not leave an educational vacuum to be filled by religious extremists who go to families who have no other option and offer meals, housing and some form of education. If we are going to combat extremism then we must educate those very same children.
Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education in the elder, a part of experience.
Without education, you are not going anywhere in this world.
Education is that whole system of human training within and without the school house walls, which molds and develops men.
At the bottom of education, at the bottom of politics, even at the bottom of religion, there must be for our race economic independence.
If you know how to read, you have a complete education about life, then you know how to vote within a democracy. But if you don't know how to read, you don't know how to decide. That's the great thing about our country - we're a democracy of readers, and we should keep it that way.
I feel very lucky because of my parents and then my education, the opportunities that I've had, so I would like to continue working to improve lives for others.
America believes in education: the average professor earns more money in a year than a professional athlete earns in a whole week.
The aim of education is the knowledge not of facts but of values.
An unschooled man who knows how to meditate upon the Lord has learned far more than the man with the highest education who does not know how to meditate.
I doubt whether classical education ever has been or can be successfully carried out without corporal punishment.
Education is the cheap defense of nations.
Too much of what is called 'education' is little more than an expensive isolation from reality.
I add this, that rational ability without education has oftener raised man to glory and virtue, than education without natural ability.
The ultimate goal of the educational system is to shift to the individual the burden of pursing his own education. This will not be a widely shared pursuit until we get over our odd conviction that education is what goes on in school buildings and nowhere else.
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education all politics can do is keep us out of war.
Education is the period during which you are being instructed by somebody you do not know, about something you do not want to know.
The paradox of education is precisely this - that as one begins to become conscious one begins to examine the society in which he is being educated.
His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy.
Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must finish him.
The purpose of Compulsory Education is to deprive the common people of their commonsense.
Without education we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously.
Game shows are designed to make us feel better about the random, useless facts that are all we have left of our education.
There is no education like adversity.
To read a newspaper is to refrain from reading something worth while. The first discipline of education must therefore be to refuse resolutely to feed the mind with canned chatter.
The first duty of government is to see that people have food, fuel, and clothes. The second, that they have means of moral and intellectual education.
Whenever a youth is ascertained to possess talents meriting an education which his parents cannot afford, he should be carried forward at the public expense.
Natural ability without education has more often attained to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.
Upon books the collective education of the race depends they are the sole instruments of registering, perpetuating and transmitting thought.
Frivolity is inborn, conceit acquired by education.
Education must provide the opportunities for self-fulfillment it can at best provide a rich and challenging environment for the individual to explore, in his own way.
If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man's future. For what is the use of transmitting knowledge if the individual's total development lags behind?
To make your children capable of honesty is the beginning of education.
Education then, beyond all other devices of human origin, is the great equalizer of the conditions of men, the balance-wheel of the social machinery.
Upon the education of the people of this country the fate of this country depends.
We are born weak, we need strength helpless, we need aid foolish, we need reason. All that we lack at birth, all that we need when we come to man's estate, is the gift of education.
Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.
The education of a man is never completed until he dies.
Education is the leading of human souls to what is best, and making what is best out of them.
You know, nothing is more important than education, because nowhere are our stakes higher our future depends on the quality of education of our children today.
Education is indoctrination if you're white - subjugation if you're black.
Modern education has devoted itself to the teaching of impudence, and then we complain that we can no longer control our mobs.
The first condition of education is being able to put someone to wholesome and meaningful work.
It makes little difference how many university courses or degrees a person may own. If he cannot use words to move an idea from one point to another, his education is incomplete.
Positive rights are the right to shelter, the right to education, the right to health care, the right to a living wage. These things are - these are, I would call them, more properly, political rights rather than positive rights. And they are extremely tricky, because now we are dealing with things that are zero sum.
Education begins at home and I applaud the parents who recognize that they - not someone else - must take responsibility to assure that their children are well educated.
Education is not the piling on of learning, information, data, facts, skills, or abilities - that's training or instruction - but is rather making visible what is hidden as a seed.
The very spring and root of honesty and virtue lie in good education.
The child who desires education will be bettered by it the child who dislikes it disgraced.
History is a race between education and catastrophe.
The principle goal of education in the schools should be creating men and women who are capable of doing new things, not simply repeating what other generations have done.
Education forms the common mind. Just as the twig is bent, the tree's inclined.
There is a subconscious way of taking violence as a way of expression, as a normality, and it has a lot of effects in the youth in the way they absorb education and what they hope to get out of life.
Knowledge without education is but armed injustice.
Education, therefore, is a process of living and not a preparation for future living.
Anyone who tries to make a distinction between education and entertainment doesn't know the first thing about either.
Segregation has no place in the education system.
I am a big believer in education, because when I grew up in Austria - when I grew up in Austria I had a great education. I had great teachers.
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
It is our moral obligation to give every child the very best education possible.
Men of polite learning and a liberal education.
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the soul.
This assumption of Negro leadership in the ghetto, then, must not be confined to matters of religion, education, and social uplift it must deal with such fundamental forces in life as make these things possible.
In true education, anything that comes to our hand is as good as a book: the prank of a page- boy, the blunder of a servant, a bit of table talk - they are all part of the curriculum.
I think art education, especially in this country, which government pretty much ignores, is so important for young people.
Education is not a problem. Education is an opportunity.
The education of women is the best way to save the environment.
The belief that all genuine education comes about through experience does not mean that all experiences are genuinely or equally educative.
As women slowly gain power, their values and priorities are reshaping the agenda. A multitude of studies show that when women control the family funds, they generally spend more on health, nutrition, and education - and less on alcohol and cigarettes.
Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story. Education has been theirs in so much higher a degree the pen has been in their hands. I will not allow books to prove anything.
Nine tenths of education is encouragement.
I am entirely certain that twenty years from now we will look back at education as it is practiced in most schools today and wonder that we could have tolerated anything so primitive.
Every single major push in education has made it worse and right now it's really bad because everything we've done is de-humanizing education. It's destroying the possibility of the teacher and the student having a warm, friendly, intellectual relationship.
An education which does not cultivate the will is an education that depraves the mind.
You may be a redneck if... you have spent more on your pickup truck than on your education.
It is because the body is a machine that education is possible. Education is the formation of habits, a superinducing of an artificial organization upon the natural organization of the body.
Education has failed in a very serious way to convey the most important lesson science can teach: skepticism.
Until justice is blind to color, until education is unaware of race, until opportunity is unconcerned with the color of men's skins, emancipation will be a proclamation but not a fact.
Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.
The aim of education is the knowledge, not of facts, but of values.
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.
We have entered an age in which education is not just a luxury permitting some men an advantage over others. It has become a necessity without which a person is defenseless in this complex, industrialized society. We have truly entered the century of the educated man.
My childhood was safe and sane. No abuse and no traumas. I was surrounded by a large and loving family who taught me the importance of hard work and a meaningful education.
Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development.
Anyone who has passed though the regular gradations of a classical education, and is not made a fool by it, may consider himself as having had a very narrow escape.
If we help an educated man's daughter to go to Cambridge are we not forcing her to think not about education but about war? - not how she can learn, but how she can fight in order that she might win the same advantages as her brothers?
I believe that education is all about being excited about something. Seeing passion and enthusiasm helps push an educational message.
No one can get an education, for of necessity education is a continuing process.
For every successful actor or actress, there are countless numbers who don't make it. The name of the game is rejection. You go to an audition and you're told you're too tall or you're too Irish or your nose is not quite right. You're rejected for your education, you're rejected for this or that and it's really tough.
Poverty is multidimensional. It extends beyond money incomes to education, health care, political participation and advancement of one's own culture and social organisation.
Education is our only political safety. Outside of this ark all is deluge.
I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
Education is the power to think clearly, the power to act well in the worlds work, and the power to appreciate life.
Education and democracy have the same goal: the fullest possible development of human capabilities.
I think that you have to do everything you can do to empower girls when they are young, from their education, to their successful independence, to their sexual self-knowledge.
I do not want art for a few any more than education for a few, or freedom for a few.
See, that's why Barack's running: to end the war in Iraq responsibly - to build an economy that lifts every family, to make sure health care is available for every American - and to make sure that every child in this nation has a world-class education all the way from preschool to college.
You can't have a university without having free speech, even though at times it makes us terribly uncomfortable. If students are not going to hear controversial ideas on college campuses, they're not going to hear them in America. I believe it's part of their education.
We discovered that education is not something which the teacher does, but that it is a natural process which develops spontaneously in the human being.
The mere imparting of information is not education.
Inclusive, good-quality education is a foundation for dynamic and equitable societies.
I know what it feels like to struggle to get the education that you need.
Education is a fundamental principle of what made America a success. We can't afford to throw any young people away.
Just like my father, I've always loved education. In school I was a member of the honor society.
Education is a shared commitment between dedicated teachers, motivated students and enthusiastic parents with high expectations.
I think it is totally wrong and terribly harmful if education is defined as acquiring knowledge.
Education is the process in which we discover that learning adds quality to our lives. Learning must be experienced.
To counter the avoidance of intellectual challenge and responsibility, we must reduce the domination of certainty in education.
Education is the best economic policy there is.
Together we can and must fight for justice for our children and protect them from draconian tax cuts and budget choices that threaten their survival, education and preparation for the future. If they are not ready for tomorrow, neither is America.
I had a great education. From kindergarten to John Dewey High School in Coney Island, I am public-school educated.
To be successful in life what you need is education, not literacy and degrees.
Education is when you read the fine print experience is what you get when you don't.
When the students are occupied, they're not juvenile delinquents. I believe that education is a capital investment.
Strong advocacy for education, health care and worker safety will be indispensable if they are to get their fair share of President Bush's austere budget for the next fiscal year.
Growing up, I was encouraged to get a good education, get a real job doing something I enjoyed, and, should the opportunity present itself, consider public service as just that: a chance to serve, not an end in itself.
Nothing in education is so astonishing as the amount of ignorance it accumulates in the form of inert facts.
Knowledge of human nature is the beginning and end of political education.
Prejudices, it is well known, are most difficult to eradicate from the heart whose soil has never been loosened or fertilized by education they grow firm there, firm as weeds among stones.
No education can be of true advantage to young women but that which trains them up in humble industry, in great plainness of living, in exact modesty of dress.
I belong to the generation of workers who, born in the villages and hamlets of rural Poland, had the opportunity to acquire education and find employment in industry, becoming in the course conscious of their rights and importance in society.
The most important thing we can do is inspire young minds and to advance the kind of science, math and technology education that will help youngsters take us to the next phase of space travel.
My mother was a dominant force in my life. She had a very specific idea about education, which was: you should know everything about everything. It was quite simple. There was no exclusivity, and there really was no judgment.
The formal education that I received made little sense to me.
Education is not so important as people think.
Just as the science and art of agriculture depend upon chemistry and botany, so the art of education depends upon physiology and psychology.
I think that anybody that stays in school, gets good grades, pays the price, I think we are wealthy enough in the public and the private sector in America to make sure that every child in America that wants to continue their education, they should be able to do that.
Education was the most important value in our home when I was growing up. People don't always realize that my parents shared a sense of intellectual curiosity and a love of reading and of history.
The Founding Fathers in their wisdom decided that children were an unnatural strain on parents. So they provided jails called schools, equipped with tortures called an education.
Poor people, people of color - especially are much more likely to be found in prison than in institutions of higher education.
Next in importance to freedom and justice is popular education, without which neither freedom nor justice can be permanently maintained.
I can say without affectation that I belong to the Russian convict world no less than I do to Russian literature. I got my education there, and it will last forever.
When I was four years old, my mother put me into a school for early music education where you get perfect pitch and harmony and composition.
I ain't got much education, but I got some sense.
When I was in school, my mother stressed education. I am so glad she did. I graduated from Yale College and Yale University with my master's and I didn't do it by missing school.
I pledge to you today that as president, in my first budget, I will introduce the largest increase in special education ever.
Education commences at the mother's knee, and every word spoken within hearsay of little children tends toward the formation of character.
If you improve education by teaching for competence, eliminating schooling, and connecting with students, the test scores will improve.
If we had in this room a hundred teachers, good teachers from good schools, and asked them to define the word education, there would be very little general agreement.
I think education is both using and improving knowledge and that changes the whole picture.
I never got a formal education. So my intellect is my common sense. I don't have anything else going for me. And my common sense opens the door to instinct.
To defend a country you need an army, but to defend a civilization you need education.
Religiosity turns out to be the best indicator of civic involvement: it's more accurate than education, age, income, gender or race.
Freedom begins with what we teach our children. That is why Jews became a people whose passion is education, whose heroes are teachers and whose citadels are schools.
Jews know this in their bones. Our community could not exist for a day without its volunteers. They are the lifeblood of our organizations, whether they involve welfare, youth, education, care of the sick and elderly, or even protection against violence and abuse.
During the decades after Brown v. Board of Education there was terrific progress. Tens of thousands of public schools were integrated racially. During that time the gap between black and white achievement narrowed.
I am opposed to the use of public funds for private education.
Many of those who argue for vouchers say that they simply want to use competition to improve public education. I don't think it works that way, and I've been watching this for a longtime.
Racial segregation has come back to public education with a vengeance.
I believe we need a national amendment which will guarantee every child in America the promise of not just an equal education but a high-quality equal education.
There are five issues that make a fist of a hand that can knock America out cold. They're lack of jobs, obesity, diabetes, homelessness, and lack of good education.
As we develop and get quicker with technology in America, it's like we're downgrading if you look at the investment in education... that's the thing that worries me.
To throw obstacles in the way of a complete education is like putting out the eyes.
Economists report that a college education adds many thousands of dollars to a man's lifetime income - which he then spends sending his son to college.
The American education system couldn't be more badly directed or poorly funded if the Secretary of Education were Ed Wood.
I think you can't really escape any kind of spiritual education as a child, whether it's New Age or Judaism or Buddhism or whatever it is. You can't escape it, even if you completely disagree with it, you still have it as a foundation that you base things off of.
I was a total education geek. I loved school. I loved learning. I loved doing homework. All of my books and notebooks from high school are underlined and highlighted and there are notes all over the margins. And you know, I was a theater kid too. I was all over the place.
We must believe in the power of education. We must respect just laws. We must love ourselves, our old and or young, our women as well as our men.
Here once again education is crucial, it enables children to be become more aware of their rights and to exercise them in a respectful manner which helps them shape their own future.
Both class and race survive education, and neither should. What is education then? If it doesn't help a human being to recognize that humanity is humanity, what is it for? So you can make a bigger salary than other people?
The dilemma of modern medicine, and the underlying central flaw in medical education and, most of all, in the training of interns, is the irresistible drive to do something, anything. It is expected by patients and too often agreed to by their doctors, in the face of ignorance.
I feel a social responsibility. We need to open people's eyes. There is a lack of education in Ethiopia.
My mom was on welfare and the occasional food stamp, but I have never participated in any of those governmental programs, even the ones that kind of work like education, scholarships and whatever, and I managed to do just fine.
And I also thought that Richard Nixon was the greatest political education we have ever had, but it looks like we need to relearn them again.
It is education that will arm us with the tools that will enable us to succeed and put a stop to the rising rates of preventable death.
Likewise, education can direct people toward good or evil ends. When education is based on a fundamentally distorted worldview, the results are horrific.
The effects of human rights education can be dramatic in awakening people to the value and power of their own lives, as shown in the following stories.
I believe public education is the new civil rights battle and I support charter schools.
Because of the lack of education on AIDS, discrimination, fear, panic, and lies surrounded me.
In these days, it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if he is denied the opportunity of an education.
We conclude that in the field of public education the doctrine of 'separate but equal' has no place.
It was the full conviction of this, and of what could be done, if every man were placed in the office for which he was fitted by nature and a proper education, which first suggested to me the plan of Illumination.
The great end of education is to discipline rather than to furnish the mind to train it to the use of its own powers, rather than fill it with the accumulation of others.
Education is for growth and fulfillment.
I don't think anybody anywhere can talk about the future of their people or of an organization without talking about education. Whoever controls the education of our children controls our future.
Furthermore, we believe that health care reform, again I said at the beginning of my remarks, that we sent the three pillars that the President's economic stabilization and job creation initiatives were education and innovation - innovation begins in the classroom - clean energy and climate, addressing the climate issues in an innovative way to keep us number one and competitive in the world with the new technology, and the third, first among equals I may say, is health care, health insurance reform.
For me, I am left leaning when it comes to health and education, on the right when it comes to defense. So I don't know where I come on the political spectrum. And I think this the challenge that a lot of Jordanians have to deal with.
My dad was in the army. World War II. He got his college education from the army. After World War II he became an insurance salesman. Really, I didn't know my dad very well. He and my mother split up after the war. I was raised by my maternal grandmother and grandfather, and by my mother.
Our solution on 'The Simpsons' is to do jokes that people who have an education, or some frame of reference, can get. And for the ones who don't, it doesn't matter, because we have Homer banging his head and saying, 'D'oh!'
If adolescent pregnancy prevention is to become a priority, then our strategy, as advocates, must contain two key elements: civic engagement and education.
Our youth deserve the opportunity to complete their high school and college education, free of early parenthood. Their future children deserve the opportunity to grow up in financially and emotionally stable homes. Our communities benefit from healthy, productive, well-prepared young people.
When I was a child I didn't care about getting an education, and I didn't finish high school.
Ensuring quality higher education is one of the most important things we can do for future generations.
I think through education, belief in God, and good engineering, our children become a lot better at what they're doing than we did, and that starts with the very first sign of life on the face of this earth.
I would support a devolution of power out of Washington for education, health care, transportation.
The education that prepared me was my general education classes, which I tried to avoid when I was a stupid undergraduate, but which gave me the foundation of general knowledge that makes a career as a writer possible.
My mother is a special education teacher but also an artist, and my father an advertising executive. They are about as wacky as you can get without being alcoholics.
My grandfather could barely read. My grandmother had a sixth-grade education. They were people who were industrious. They were frugal.
Everyone who remembers his own education remembers teachers, not methods and techniques. The teacher is the heart of the educational system.
Arbitrary benchmarks cheat kids out of a fulfilling education.
I think if you have to pay for your education, you worry very seriously about you're going to do when you've got your degree.
An education program is, by definition, a societal program. Work should be done at school, rather than at home.
As the tension eases, we must look in the direction of agriculture, industry and education as our final goals, and toward democracy under Mr Mubarak.
One of the things that's great about New York is that it is not a one-industry town. It has education, academia, the service industry, arts, publishing, theater, politics, fashion, finance, as well as movie-making.
I believe that parents need to make nutrition education a priority in their home environment. It's crucial for good health and longevity to instill in your children sound eating habits from an early age.
A mother's ability to provide for her children is not always tied to income, but rather to education.
Education is what most receive, many pass on, and few possess.
Sex education is legitimate in that girls cannot be taught soon enough how children don't come into the world.
Reformation, like education, is a journey, not a destination.
Education levels the playing field, allowing everyone to compete.
Yeah, I'm a thrill seeker, but crikey, education's the most important thing.
The Tories and the Lib Dems talk about social mobility, but, short of winning the lottery, the only way to guarantee young people from all backgrounds the opportunity to do better and to raise aspirations is through education.
I am playing the violin, that's all I know, nothing else, no education, no nothing. You just practice every day.
Education can lift individuals out of poverty and into rewarding careers.
America's growth historically has been fueled mostly by investment, education, productivity, innovation and immigration. The one thing that doesn't seem to have anything to do with America's growth rate is a brutal work schedule.
Giving women education, work, the ability to control their own income, inherit and own property, benefits the society. If a woman is empowered, her children and her family will be better off. If families prosper, the village prospers, and eventually so does the whole country.
My parents came from a poor background and worked their way up because of education. They saw it as a way to succeed. So they cared about me getting straight A grades when I was growing up.
We all have a responsibility to volunteer somewhere and I'm lucky that I get the education and get taken to places to see what's out there and see what's happening and to then be a part of it in hopefully an impactful way.
My mom grew up in poverty in Oklahoma - like Dust Bowl, nine people in one room kind of place - and the way she got out of poverty was through education. My dad grew up without a dad, with very little and he also made his way out through education.
My mom was really vigorous about making sure that we saw things and that we questioned things. Education was so important to both of my parents.
I think an education is not only important, it is the most important thing you can do with your life.
I also tell them that your education can take you way farther than a football, baseball, track, or basketball will - that's just the bottom line.
If you have four years to complete your college education, do it.
Strange as it may seem, no amount of learning can cure stupidity, and formal education positively fortifies it.
It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that some portion of the neglect of science in England, may be attributed to the system of education we pursue.
The older I grow the more I see the influence of my family on my life. I didn't always see it. It was up to our parents to see that we had our education in a town that hadn't yet realized what racial prejudice was but actually knew and practiced it on occasion.
But to me the bottom line is the more education you can give yourself, and the more preparation you can do, the less chance of failing.
Education is important because, first of all, people need to know that discrimination still exists. It is still real in the workplace, and we should not take that for granted.
I'm no politician. I'm an historian who has learned through a lifetime of studying that nothing in the world beats universal education.
Education is for improving the lives of others and for leaving your community and world better than you found it.
Unless children have strong education and strong families and strong communities and decent housing, it's not enough to go sit in at a lunch counter.
To compete in a global economy, our students must continue their education beyond high school. To make this expectation a reality, we must give students the tools they need to succeed, including the opportunity to take a college entrance exam.
I was blessed to have a mother and father that recognized the value of education.
I don't know if I'm a national education figure.
Over the next two years UNICEF will focus on improving access to and the quality of education to provide children who have dropped out of school or who work during school hours the opportunity to gain a formal education!
I had the most reversed education possible. Every parent wants their son to be a businessman, respectable - me, it was the opposite. When I had an artist career my mum was like, 'Oh finally, I'm proud of you!'
Education is when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get if you don't.
Religion is the solid basis of good morals therefore education should teach the precepts of religion, and the duties of man toward God.
I think Democrats are right. We fight for the American dream, for the environment, for privacy rights, a woman's right to choose, a good public education system.
In his first year in office, President Obama pulled us back from the brink of the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression and worked to lay a new foundation for economic growth. The president identified three key strategies to build that lasting prosperity: innovation, investment, and education.
Americans are a decade behind Canada when it comes to sex education and understanding their bodies.
The zeitgeist is for cutting spending and balancing the budget. But I do not want the Republican Party to be perceived as putting the budget ahead of people, jobs and education.
Most everything I do revolves around tae kwon do. That said, I like to be a typical girl and go shopping. I have three nieces and nephews that I like to hang out with. I'm also finishing my last semester at the University of Houston, where I'm majoring in childhood education.
Racism cannot be cured solely by attacking some of the results it produces, like discrimination in housing or in education.
A good education is that which prepares us for our future sphere of action and makes us contented with that situation in life in which God, in his infinite mercy, has seen fit to place us, to be perfectly resigned to our lot in life, whatever it may be.
It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge.
No other investment yields as great a return as the investment in education. An educated workforce is the foundation of every community and the future of every economy.
You have to go through the falling down in order to learn to walk. It helps to know that you can survive it. That's an education in itself.
It would be nice if education was free to everyone who wanted it, but that's not the world we live in.
Education is the mother of leadership.
I made education the highest priority of my campaign - actually education and jobs - and the reason is a simple one: I think the future of America depends on it.
So I want my kids to go to public schools because I think it's a better education overall.
It was a way out of poverty. It was a way to success. It was a way to education. And it was a way to a brighter day for me.
And I do believe that the way to change a society, to uplift people - not just their spirit, but to uplift their society and economic base - is through education.
Now the main areas of higher education that still enjoy considerable financial support from government are subjects like engineering and science and the research ringfence which is the basic minimum to protect Britain's scientific competitiveness.
For wide swaths of training and education there are valuable spillovers which mean that the private sector needs support from the government. That is why I have been so determined to protect and grow apprenticeships and put higher education on a sustainable footing.
I wanted to acquire an education, work extremely hard and never deviate from my goal, to make it.
If the Liberals' law is passed, will sex education in the schools, including elementary grades, include the same portrayals of sexual activity which presently exist in heterosexual instruction? Will there be the same presentation of homosexual activity? Of course there will.
Environmental concern is now firmly embedded in public life: in education, medicine and law in journalism, literature and art.
When a woman earns a dollar, the payback is higher. She'll invest in her children, in their education, health care, and basic needs. The impact of a woman's role in the economy benefits society at large.
My background was computer science and business school, so eventually I worked my way up where I was running product groups - development, testing, marketing, user education.
You should be able to afford health care for your family. You should be able to retire with dignity and respect. And you should be able to give your children the kind of education that allows them to dream even bigger, go even farther and accomplish even more than you could ever imagine.
Head Start graduates are more likely to graduate from high school and less likely to need special education, repeat a grade, or commit crimes in adolescence.
As a proud Catholic, I know the impact that faith-based education can have in our society and have witnessed it first hand in my district.
Catholic schools in our Nation's education have been paramount in teaching the values that we as parents seek to instill in our children.
Is education possibly a process of trading awareness for things of lesser worth? The goose who trades his is soon a pile of feathers.
It is, of course, further indication that a fundamentalist right has really taken over much of the Republican Party, People might cite George Bush as proof that you can be totally impervious to the effects of Harvard and Yale education.
Whatever education I got was from experience and reading. But I also realize I wouldn't pass my friend's sixth-grade class.
Let us not, in the eagerness of our haste to educate, forget all the ends of education.
Realizing that the majority of kids that get molested feel that it is their fault, along with shame, those kids have no idea what to say or do to try to report anything, and add that with the lack of education, it is a complete recipe for disaster that leads to non-reporting of molestation.
I feel sorry sometimes for these sportsmen and women who put in just as much effort as the footballers. For example, athletes train at least as hard as footballers but have to be happy if they can earn enough to finance a decent education.
The real solution is to improve the incomes of the poor and provide their children with decent education.
The question is, will we continue to fight what may be a rearguard action to defend universal literacy as a central goal of our education system, or are we bold enough to see what's actually happening to our culture?
My mother was born on a tiny farm in County Mayo. She was meant to stay at home and look after the farm while her brother and sister got an education. However, she came to England on a visit and never went back.
There were all us baby boomers who had a grammar school education, started to learn, then went on the pill, the whole thing, and so there are today a lot more women writers, editors, producers, and so a lot more women's stories. God, the BBC's practically run by women.
I don't feel I'm qualified to be a coach outside the high school level. I think I would need to do more education to really be a good coach.
I use every single thing that Alfred Hitchcock taught me in my acting career... I am very grateful for the education he gave me in making motion pictures.
You go to Scandinavia, and you will find that people have a much higher standard of living, in terms of education, health care and decent paying jobs.
My parents were keen for me to have the education they themselves never had. They weren't able to guide me towards particular books, but they encouraged me to read, which I did, randomly and compulsively.
Misdirected focus on paperwork, on procedures, and on bureaucracy frustrates teachers and fails to give children the education they need.
Education in our times must try to find whatever there is in students that might yearn for completion, and to reconstruct the learning that would enable them autonomously to seek that completion.
Of all the public services, education is the one I'm most interested in. You get a more dynamic economy, you deal with most social problems, and it's morally right.
The progress of freedom depends more upon the maintenance of peace, the spread of commerce, and the diffusion of education, than upon the labors of cabinets and foreign offices.
Through first-class education, a generation marches down the long uncertain road of the future with confidence.
Education is extremely important to the Hispanic community, as well as faith, and certainly working hard.
Education must, be not only a transmission of culture but also a provider of alternative views of the world and a strengthener of the will to explore them.
Sex education has to do with what's in people's head.
Higher education is one of few areas where this country competes with the rest of the world and wins. The best of American higher education outstrips any in the world. Look where the rest of the world goes for higher education, for graduate degrees. They come here.
Access to computers and the Internet has become a basic need for education in our society.
My parents discussed singing every night over the dinner table I had a tremendous music education.
Let's remember the children who come from broken homes, surrounded by crime, drugs, temptation, their peers having babies out of wedlock, but who still manage to get a good education despite the many obstacles they face every day.
The best method for preventing destructive cult involvement is preventative education. If students and the public at large are more aware of destructive groups beforehand they may better understand and resist their recruitment efforts.
The government has convinced parents that at some point it's no longer their responsibility. And in fact, they force them, in many respects, to turn their children over to the public education system and wrest control from them and block them out of participation of that. That has to change or education will not improve in this country.
In Britain, the centrally prescribed welfare to work system short-changes the young unemployed. Transport, housing and education are over centralised.
I'm very jealous of my daughter's education. She's been inspired by her teachers, and nobody inspired me as a teenager.
My parents grew up working class, but in that way that working class families do, they spent a fortune on education to better me.
Some of the things I think I learned from that were very educational as far as just paying bills - the basics in dealing with a restaurant like that. It was just life - the education involved in running the organization, even on a small level.
In education, they say either property taxes have to go up, or we'll have poor education - that's a false choice.
When you have strict censorship of the internet, young students cannot receive a full education. Their view of the world is imbalanced. There can be no true discussion of the issues.
I decided to study special education and fell in love with working with individuals with autism. That's what I planned to do with my life.
Education is a precondition to survival in America today.
I'm sure I am impatient sometimes. I sure do get angry sometimes. I think it's outrageous how hard it is to get this country to feed its children and to take care of its children, to give them a decent education.
Ignorance and a narrow education lay the foundation of vice, and imitation and custom rear it up.
The gap in education in this country, the unfairness of the schools, is one of the great unfairness in this society.
One of the greatest obstacles to escaping poverty is the staggering cost of higher education.
I think the whole system of education would change if I were in charge and had the ability to make changes. I don't think I would keep Princeton exactly being Princeton.
But the thing I felt most strongly about, and put at the end of one of the prison diaries, was education.
Politics should share one purpose with religion: the steady emancipation of the individual through the education of his passions.
Why has elegance found so little following? That is the reality of it. Elegance has the disadvantage, if that's what it is, that hard work is needed to achieve it and a good education to appreciate it.
Think about it: Every educated person is not rich, but almost every education person has a job and a way out of poverty. So education is a fundamental solution to poverty.
The five different areas in which boys are in crisis - education jobs emotional health physical health and fatherlessness - are handled by different portions of the government.
Tonight, you are hearing from the Democratic women of the Senate... We stand together on so many issues: economic prosperity, quality education for all, protecting a woman's right to choose.
Access to books and the encouragement of the habit of reading: these two things are the first and most necessary steps in education and librarians, teachers and parents all over the country know it. It is our children's right and it is also our best hope and their best hope for the future.
One of the great failings of our education system is that we tend to focus on those who are succeeding in exams, and there are plenty of them. But what we should also be looking at, and a lot more urgently, is those who fail.
A lot of children, like I did, move away from words because of the fear - which is something you have to take out of education: the fear of worrying about what marks you'll get, detention, worrying about letting people down, your parents, teachers.
I had passed through the entire British education system studying literature, culminating in three years of reading English at Oxford, and they'd never told me about something as basic as the importance of point of view in fiction!
I have maintained a passionate interest in education, which leads me occasionally to make foolish and ill-considered remarks alleging that not everything is well in our schools.
Excellent education and an excellent environment are two hallmarks of our state. How we treat our environment is connected to so many other opportunities in Maine.
Rewards and punishments are the lowest form of education.
The Wayne Education Building was the first classroom building that we have done on the Wayne campus.
Most Indians go into education. Their parents just push them into education like parents in Australia push them into sports.
Smart businesses do not look at labor costs alone anymore. They do look at market access, transportation, telecommunications infrastructure and the education and skill level of the workforce, the development of capital and the regulatory market.
Few things are as essential as education.
In the world today, a young lady who does not have a college education just is not educated.
To create the power of competence without creating a corresponding direction to guide the use of that power is bad education.
If education does not create a need for the best in life, then we are stuck in an undemocratic, rigid caste society.
Education is our greatest opportunity to give an irrevocable gift to the next generation.
We are currently working on new policies to protect and create American jobs, particularly by improving education. We need more information in order to find the best solutions to this increasing concern for American families.
By cutting critical domestic programs such as education, health, environmental protection, and veterans' services, this budget reveals misplaced priorities.
I have an education degree from the University of Minnesota, and I was a teacher for about a minute.
Any education that matters is liberal. All the saving truths, all the healing graces that distinguish a good education from a bad one or a full education from a half empty one are contained in that word.
I have an education, I went to college, you know?
These are important reforms. Infrastructure, education, health, hospitals, closing the gap with indigenous Australians. Also the Apology to the first Australians. As Prime Minister of the country I am proud of each and every one of these achievements.
Education is the vaccine for violence.
Official education was telling people almost nothing of the nature of all those things on the seashores, and in the redwood forests, in the deserts and in the plains.
My wife wanted my children to have some Chinese culture and education. She believes the children need to learn two languages and two cultures.
If we do not provide education for every single American, we are consigning those without an education to second-class status.
The Brown decision promised that every child, regardless of the color of his or her skin, would have unequivocal access to quality education and an equal opportunity to pursue his/her dreams.
There are three major social issues that this country is struggling with: education, poverty, and drugs. Two of them we talk about, and one of them we don't.
Being the lead of the show and working a lot of hours - all good stuff, a tremendous education, incredible opportunity, it changed my life - it was a marathon, and by the end of it I was pretty beat.
I've got no education.
Sex education classes are like in-home sales parties for abortions.
Capitalism would have never let me be a filmmaker, living in Flint, Michigan with a high school education. I was going to have to make that happen myself.
In fact, I believe that we need better sex education in our own culture, here in America, so that young folk learn about things like venereal disease before they encounter it.
Human education is concerned with certain changes in the intellects, characters and behavior of men, its problems being roughly included under these four topics: Aims, materials, means and methods.
Education is a state-controlled manufactory of echoes.
My advantage as a woman and a human being has been in having a mother who believed strongly in women's education. She was an early undergraduate at Oxford, and her own mother was a doctor.
The value of a good education has never left me.
You can't have a sustainable US economy without a great education system. Teach students to do the job right. You don't have an innovative economy unless you have a great education.
My parents had an old-fashioned ideal of college, that four years at a liberal arts college should be a liberal arts education.
What makes me angry? The education of children. How in God's name can you expect to have a functioning society the way we teach our kids?
Economic prosperity and quality education for our children are inexorably linked.
I'm not sure it's the stimulus money that will necessarily allow the economy to recover. It will help to fortify our budgets, frankly, to ensure that there isn't as much backsliding in the areas of education and healthcare, for example.
A writer should get as much education as possible, but just going to school is not enough if it were, all owners of doctorates would be inspired writers.
But instead of standing up for reason, our government is handing education over to the world of faith.
My votes against the education bill and my votes against the Medicare bill got huge play at home.
Look, I want what's good for everybody. I want to promote good state education for all. I want to raise standards for all kids, irrespective of race and class but why can't they all just do what I say when I know I'm right?
As the true object of education is not to render the pupil the mere copy of his preceptor, it is rather to be rejoiced in, than lamented, that various reading should lead him into new trains of thinking.
Government will not fail to employ education, to strengthen its hands, and perpetuate its institutions.
My mother is a professor of early childhood education. When I was two she would say she knew I was going to be an actor.
Education is the cornerstone of our communities and our country.
And what is liberty, whose very name makes the heart beat faster and shakes the world? Is it not the union of all liberties - liberty of conscience, of education, of association, of the press, of travel, or labor, or trade?
The real fight is about what should be in the marketplace and what should not. Should education be a marketable commodity? Should healthcare?
What is defeat? Nothing but education. Nothing but the first step to something better.
An arts education helps build academic skills and increase academic performance, while also providing alternative opportunities to reward the skills of children who learn differently.
The dream doesn't lie in victimization or blame it lies in hard work, determination and a good education.
As a former recipient of these services I can honestly say that the overwhelming majority of TANF recipients are hard-working Americans who are down on their luck, and just want an opportunity to better their lives and those of their family through work and access to education.
But the fact is, no matter how good the teacher, how small the class, how focused on quality education the school may be none of this matters if we ignore the individual needs of our students.
One of the factors a country's economy depends on is human capital. If you don't provide women with adequate access to healthcare, education and employment, you lose at least half of your potential. So, gender equality and women's empowerment bring huge economic benefits.
I think we were raised in a nice Texas Jewish family where education was the most important thing, and close behind that was the arts. It was emphasized and expected that we'd play piano.
Michael Nutter
What the mayors care about is, 'How can I get money to invest in the infrastructure in my city? How do we put people back to work, lower the unemployment rate, provide for job training programs? How do we make class sizes smaller and make investments in our children from an education standpoint?
Civic education and civic responsibility should be taught in elementary school.
This journey is not over. Our education initiatives have so much momentum, and we're committed to sharing even more stories from the Arctic when we return.
I only had a high school education and believe me, I had to cheat to get that.
During this period at the Department of Education, my working relationship with Judge Thomas was positive.
My education and background thoroughly inform my writing.
I cherish the creation of public space and services, especially health, housing and the comprehensive education system which dared to give so many of us ideas 'above our station.'
Session musicians kind of respected me because what I was talking about made sense. That all came from an education. Believe me, education does you more good. Maybe that's the reason I've been around so long.
All around as a person, on right decisions, on holding your money, on doing your trade, a good education is a must. I don't think I would've done as good without an education.
States have the responsibility to create rules and conditions for growth and development, and to channel the benefits to all citizens by providing education and making people able to participate in the economies, and in decision-making.
Today there are people trying to take away rights that our mothers, grandmothers and great-grandmothers fought for: our right to vote, our right to choose, affordable quality education, equal pay, access to health care. We the people can't let that happen.
As a Member of Congress, I've continued my family's tradition of focusing on education.
But the best thing Washington can do for education is realize that our role is limited. Washington must keep its promises, but let those who know our childrens' names- parents, teachers and school board members- make education decisions.
Few things are more important to each individual's future success or to our nation's prosperity than education.
I've got a very deep and abiding passion about education being far more than buildings and textbooks it's what children bring into school with them.
Too many vital education dollars that should be spent in the classroom are bouncing around in the federal bureaucracy.
This is not a zero-sum game. We know that if we provide access and education, particularly where there are gaps in the market, we will create more jobs, we will create more growth, and we will create more activity in the U.S. market, which will be good for our economy.
I agree that it is not just the extremists who harbor bad thoughts or engage in bad acts, but they are usually the source of the polarization and try to keep education and communication of the main stream from moving forward.
Only time, education and plenty of good schooling will make anti-segregation work.
If you can feed your family, give them an education, then you are a success.
One of the biggest development issues in the world is the education of girls. In the United States and Europe, it has been accepted, but not in Africa and the developing countries.
If there is something I would like to do as President of the General Assembly, it is to place more emphasis on the issue of education, which enables a better life for women.
I do not want to speak about overpopulation or birth control, but I think education is the way to give new impetus to the poverty question.
I'm on Governor Gray Davis' California Alliance Towards Education to bring the arts back to high schools.
With my ministry of light, part of what I do is work on the California Alliance For Arts Education.
As a former high school teacher, I know that investing in education is one of the most important things we can do, not only for our children, but for the benefit of our whole community.
It is as impossible to withhold education from the receptive mind, as it is impossible to force it upon the unreasoning.
I learned a lot from that first record and I learned a lot from my experiences touring, but really the biggest education I got over the past two years was learning the importance of arrangements.
The best math lesson we can teach college students this year is to subtract a tuition increase and benefit from the dividends of higher education.
People who don't read seem to me mysterious. I don't know how they think or learn about other people. Novels are a very important part of our education.
Education brings about opportunity, and in turn inspiration.
Every child should have the opportunity to receive a quality education.
In choosing global corporate partners UNICEF emphasises compatibility with our core values and looks to build alliances that advance our mission of ensuring the health, education, equality and protection for all the world's children.
Vocational education programs have made a real difference in the lives of countless young people nationwide they build self-confidence and leadership skills by allowing students to utilize their unique gifts and talents.
I graduated from the University of Michigan with a BA in Communications and left formal education behind.
I would have been about seven years old when the formative years of my competitive football education began. I was playing in the local leagues around Manchester, playing against lads from tough areas who had been taught they had to fight for everything.
The best education in the world is that got by struggling to get a living.
The point of my work is to show that culture and education aren't simply hobbies or minor influences.
The value of an arts education is widely accepted, especially in California.
I'm a big believer in education, period.
And my career, the things that have happened have happened because of my music education background.
My mother was the influence in my life. She was strong she had great faith in the ultimate triumph of justice and hard work. She believed passionately in education.
Progress for black Americans depends on good schools because education is the last great equalizer.
I was a teacher for a long time. I taught at a community college: voice, theory, humanities. And nowadays, music education is a dying thing. Funding is being cut more and more and more.
The Republicans have chosen to neglect young Americans who need assistance with the costs of higher education.
If you take any world problem, any issue on the planet, the solution to that problem certainly includes education. In education, the roadblock is the laptop.
Pell Grants are, and have been, critically important tools in making higher education a possibility for lower- and middle-income students.
My goal is not selling laptops. OLPC is not in the laptop business. It's in the education business.
Enhancing revenues will help us improve education and solve our infrastructure problems.
Everybody agrees that whatever the solutions are to the big problems, they... can never be without some element of education.
All school districts receive funds from the federal government, through the Department of Education, to support anti-drug education efforts.
In regard to education, something has been done by the Provincial Legislature but to build churches, and to place clergymen is a work of greater difficulty.
I believe in local control of education.
I loved education, and, yes, I did want to go on learning.
Real education should educate us out of self into something far finer into a selflessness which links us with all humanity.
President Obama is a principled man who has worked hard to put healthcare and a good education in the reach of millions of Americans and believes that everyone who works hard and plays by the rules, should have a fair shot at the American dream.
The smartest thing we can do to create high-wage jobs and grow our economy is to keep our focus on education.
Education enables people and societies to be what they can be.
We have been learning since we were children how to make money, buy things, build things. The whole education system is set up to teach us how to think, not to feel.
No one bill will cure the problem of spam. It will take a combined effort of legislation, litigation, enforcement, customer education, and technology solutions.
What you have in most education software is that they're catering to the decision-maker who makes the budget allocations, and that decision-maker has a lot of check boxes. Does it do this? Check. Does it do that? Check. They could care less about the end user experience.
Education is a kind of continuing dialogue, and a dialogue assumes different points of view.
But I didn't really enjoy my secondary education that much, probably because I am a very physical person and don't enjoy sitting at a desk all day. I just dragged myself through GCSE and A Levels, so it suited me very much to go on to drama school, which was very active.
Education is not to reform students or amuse them or to make them expert technicians. It is to unsettle their minds, widen their horizons, inflame their intellects, teach them to think straight, if possible.
My idea of education is to unsettle the minds of the young and inflame their intellects.
Immigration is not the top issue for Latinos. Latinos are like every other American - economy, jobs, healthcare, education.
Maybe it's a tired tale, but without an education, you're not going to go anywhere.
I was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, the youngest of four girls, including my oldest sister, Lisa, who has special needs. My mom was a special education teacher, and my dad worked on the Army base. We weren't wealthy, but we were determined to succeed.
In my family, there was one cardinal priority - education. College was not an option it was mandatory. So even though we didn't have a lot of money, we made it work. I signed up for financial aid, Pell Grants, work study, anything I could.
Education, particularly higher education, will take Africa into the mainstream of globalization.
Research shows that children do better in school and are less likely to drop out when fathers are involved. Engaged parents can strengthen communities, mentor and tutor students, and demonstrate through their actions how much they value their children's education.
We face a choice this election. President Obama is fighting for changes that grow the economy from the middle out and help all Americans succeed - jobs, education, health reform, the DREAM Act, equal pay for women. He is moving us forward with opportunity today for prosperity tomorrow. Mitt Romney wants to take us back to yesterday.
Teachers say their schools of education did not adequately prepare them for the classroom. They would have welcomed more mentoring and feedback in their early years.
THE rich possess ample means to realize any theory they may chuse to adopt in the education of their children, regardless of the cost but it is not so with him whose Subsistence is derived from industry.
A postsecondary education is the ticket to economic success in America.
A system of education, which would not gratify this disposition in any party, is requisite, in order to obviate the difficulty, and the reader will find a something said to that purpose in perusing this tract.
Even in a time of fiscal austerity, education is more than just an expense.
The complaint of bad pay, and difficulty in obtaining it, is almost generally reiterated through every department of education.
State governments generate less revenue in a recession. As state leaders struggle to make up for lost revenue, legislatures tend to cut funding for higher education. Colleges, in turn, answer these funding cuts with tuition hikes.
May this plain statement of facts prevail on the friends of the rising generation to interpose for their welfare that the education of children may no longer be to parent and master a lottery, in which the prizes bear no proportion to the enormous number of blanks.
I am persuaded, that if any attempt is made to improve the education of the poor, and such an unmanly spirit should guide the resolution of a society or committee for that purpose, it would render the design abortive.
The supreme lesson of any education should be to think for yourself and to be yourself absent this attainment, education creates dangerous, stupefying conformity.
The institution of a public library, containing books on education, would be well adapted for the information of teachers, many of whom are not able to purchase expensive publications on those subjects.
I have said it on several occasions, several times from this podium, that providing a quality education for our children is high on my priority list. I will not stop now.
Of course the EU and member states must work to ensure that people moving from one country to another understand their obligations and their rights in areas like health, road safety and further education.
I know there are things I did in education that will never be reversed. I have not done that in film yet because I have only been here for about nine months.
If bringing up the next generation is important, why aren't they the best qualified, the best paid? Why aren't we as concerned about their career progression as we are about those who work in the education or health services?
At different times I taught humanities, social sciences and pre-vocational education.
We do recognise the need to move towards the publication of information showing the progress made by pupils from one stage of their education to another.
Where the private sector, or anyone else, has skills, knowledge and resources that can help to deliver a high quality of education and to raise standards, we should use them.
I grew up in an non-athletic family, where my parents were interested in music, in literature, in education and art.
A constitutional democracy is in serious trouble if its citizenry does not have a certain degree of education and civic virtue.
A lot of people criticize the primaries, but I think they are absolutely essential to the education of the President of the United States.
It was clear to me that the forms of consciousness of our inherited and acquired historical education - aesthetic consciousness and historical consciousness - presented alienated forms of our true historical being.
In England, literary pretence is more universal than elsewhere from our method of education.
I'd repair our education system or replace it with something that works.
Even on education, his one accomplishment, the Leave No Child Behind Act, and he has left it unfunded.
I feel like in America, we don't have a kid problem. You think about all these issues that these kids are dealing with, we have an adult problem. We have adults that do not place the priority on our kids to get a valuable education.
I feel that education needs an overhaul - courses are obsolete and grades are on the way out.
I studied secondary education.
I confess that for fifteen years my efforts in education, and my hopes of success in establishing a system of national education, have always been associated with the idea of coupling the education of this country with the religious communities which exist.
In Holland, they have come to precisely the same conclusion. There they have adopted a system of secular education, because they have found it impracticable to unite the religious bodies in any system of combined religious instruction.
The environment is everything that isn't me.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
Keep close to Nature's heart... and break clear away, once in awhile, and climb a mountain or spend a week in the woods. Wash your spirit clean.
Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.
God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods. But he cannot save them from fools.
When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe.
It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment.
We won't have a society if we destroy the environment.
If people destroy something replaceable made by mankind, they are called vandals if they destroy something irreplaceable made by God, they are called developers.
I think the environment should be put in the category of our national security. Defense of our resources is just as important as defense abroad. Otherwise what is there to defend?
I did not become a vegetarian for my health, I did it for the health of the chickens.
Take a course in good water and air and in the eternal youth of Nature you may renew your own. Go quietly, alone no harm will befall you.
They claim this mother of ours, the Earth, for their own use, and fence their neighbors away from her, and deface her with their buildings and their refuse.
By polluting clear water with slime you will never find good drinking water.
Birds are indicators of the environment. If they are in trouble, we know we'll soon be in trouble.
If we do not permit the earth to produce beauty and joy, it will in the end not produce food, either.
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.
After all, sustainability means running the global environment - Earth Inc. - like a corporation: with depreciation, amortization and maintenance accounts. In other words, keeping the asset whole, rather than undermining your natural capital.
All is connected... no one thing can change by itself.
You will die but the carbon will not its career does not end with you. It will return to the soil, and there a plant may take it up again in time, sending it once more on a cycle of plant and animal life.
In a few decades, the relationship between the environment, resources and conflict may seem almost as obvious as the connection we see today between human rights, democracy and peace.
I see humanity now as one vast plant, needing for its highest fulfillment only love, the natural blessings of the great outdoors, and intelligent crossing and selection.
People blame their environment. There is only one person to blame - and only one - themselves.
We must return to nature and nature's god.
Why are ecologists and environmentalists so feared and hated? This is because in part what they have to say is new to the general public, and the new is always alarming.
I don't think we're going to save anything if we go around talking about saving plants and animals only we've got to translate that into what's in it for us.
I think the cost of energy will come down when we make this transition to renewable energy.
When a man wantonly destroys one of the works of man we call him a vandal. When he destroys one of the works of god we call him a sportsman.
Every time I have some moment on a seashore, or in the mountains, or sometimes in a quiet forest, I think this is why the environment has to be preserved.
Environmental degradation, overpopulation, refugees, narcotics, terrorism, world crime movements, and organized crime are worldwide problems that don't stop at a nation's borders.
Journey with me to a true commitment to our environment. Journey with me to the serenity of leaving to our children a planet in equilibrium.
No one should be able to enter a wilderness by mechanical means.
In a finite world this means that the per capita share of the world's goods must steadily decrease.
I think Captain Cousteau might be the father of the environmental movement.
Harmony with land is like harmony with a friend you cannot cherish his right hand and chop off his left.
The only way forward, if we are going to improve the quality of the environment, is to get everybody involved.
When we realize we can make a buck cleaning up the environment, it will be done!
I can find God in nature, in animals, in birds and the environment.
Not all is doom and gloom. We are beginning to understand the natural world and are gaining a reverence for life - all life.
I think the government has to reposition environment on top of their national and international priorities.
Our world faces a true planetary emergency. I know the phrase sounds shrill, and I know it's a challenge to the moral imagination.
You may be able to fool the voters, but not the atmosphere.
Environmental concern is now firmly embedded in public life: in education, medicine and law in journalism, literature and art.
There is no place where we can safely store worn-out reactors or their garbage. No place!
It seems that every time mankind is given a lot of energy, we go out and wreck something with it.
It is absolutely imperative that we protect, preserve and pass on this genetic heritage for man and every other living thing in as good a condition as we received it.
We assume that everything's becoming more efficient, and in an immediate sense that's true our lives are better in many ways. But that improvement has been gained through a massively inefficient use of natural resources.
Unless we keep this planet healthy, everything else is for naught.
If we bestow but a very little attention to the economy of the animal creation, we shall find manifest examples of premeditation, perseverance, resolution, and consumate artifice, in order to effect their purpose.
If you violate Nature's laws you are your own prosecuting attorney, judge, jury, and hangman.
For me, going vegan was an ethical and environmental decision. I'm doing the right thing by the animals.
People in Slow Food understand that food is an environmental issue.
We are now heading down a centuries-long path toward increasing the productivity of our natural capital - the resource systems upon which we depend to live - instead of our human capital.
A knowledgeable and courageous U.S. president could help enormously in leading the world's nations toward saving the climate.
I consider myself to have been the bridge between the shotgun and the binoculars in bird watching. Before I came along, the primary way to observe birds was to shoot them and stuff them.
The Endangered Species Act is the strongest and most effective tool we have to repair the environmental harm that is causing a species to decline.
Under the Environmental Protection Agency's Energy Star Program, homes are independently verified to be measurably more energy efficient than average houses.
Maintaining healthy forests is essential to those who make a living from the land and for those of us who use them for recreational purposes.
Nuclear power will help provide the electricity that our growing economy needs without increasing emissions. This is truly an environmentally responsible source of energy.
We learned that economic growth and environmental protection can and should go hand in hand.
In today's world, it is no longer unimaginable to think that business can operate - and even thrive - in an environmentally-friendly manner.
The government should set a goal for a clean environment but not mandate how that goal should be implemented.
Mankind is considered (by the radical environmentalists) the lowest and the meanest of all species and is blamed for everything.
Local innovation and initiative can help us better understand how to protect our environment.
Why has it seemed that the only way to protect the environment is with heavy-handed government regulation?
We don't have to sacrifice a strong economy for a healthy environment.
Industry is fortune's right hand, and frugality its left.
Much of the debate over global warming is predicated on fear, rather than science.
Pushing production out of America to nations without our environmental standards increases global environmental risks.
I firmly believe that we can have a healthy environment and a sustainable timber industry.
If the federal government had been around when the Creator was putting His hand to this state, Indiana wouldn't be here. It'd still be waiting for an environmental impact statement.
I have a private plane. But I fly commercial when I go to environmental conferences.
A very Faustian choice is upon us: whether to accept our corrosive and risky behavior as the unavoidable price of population and economic growth, or to take stock of ourselves and search for a new environmental ethic.
The real cure for our environmental problems is to understand that our job is to salvage Mother Nature. We are facing a formidable enemy in this field. It is the hunters... and to convince them to leave their guns on the wall is going to be very difficult.
There are two problems for our species' survival - nuclear war and environmental catastrophe - and we're hurtling towards them. Knowingly.
Moral codes adjust themselves to environmental conditions.
I've used the prestige and influence of having been a president of the United States as effectively as possible. And secondly, I've still been able to carry out my commitments to peace and human rights and environmental quality and freedom and democracy and so forth.
Advertising is an environmental striptease for a world of abundance.
More and more companies are reaching out to their suppliers and contractors to work jointly on issues of sustainability, environmental responsibility, ethics, and compliance.
We now see numerous examples of brands working together to address issues such as environmental degradations, climate control, pollution, poverty and disease.
When people align around shared political, social, economic or environmental values, and take collective action, thinking and behavior that compromises the lives of millions of people around the world can truly change.
Moreover, the practical recommendations deduced from ecological principles threaten the vested interests of commerce it is hardly surprising that the financial and political power created by these investments should be used sometimes to suppress environmental impact studies.
Factory farming is one of the biggest contributors to the most serious environmental problems. The meat industry causes more greenhouse gas emissions than all the cars, trucks, planes and ships in the world.
Economists treat economics as if it is a pure science divorced from the facts of life. The result of this false accountancy is a willful confusion under cover of which industry wreaks its havoc scot-free and ignores the environmental cost.
In the environmental movement, every time you lose a battle it's for good, but our victories always seem to be temporary and we keep fighting them over and over again.
Environmental concern is a little like dieting or paying off credit-card debt - an episodically terrific idea that burns brightly and then seems to fade when we realize there's a reason we need to diet or pay down our debt. The reason is that it's really, really hard, and too many of us in too many spheres of life choose the easy over the hard.
I always thought we had an environmental problem, but I hadn't realized how urgent it was. James Lovelock writes that by the end of this century there will be one billion people left.
This is absolutely bizarre that we continue to subsidize highways beyond the gasoline tax, airlines, and we don't subsidize, we don't want to subsidize a national rail system that has environmental impact.
I believe we should reframe our response to climate change as an imperative for growth rather than merely being a way of being green or meeting environmental commitments.
A primary function of art and thought is to liberate the individual from the tyranny of his culture in the environmental sense and to permit him to stand beyond it in an autonomy of perception and judgment.
Over and over, we hear politicians say they can't spend our tax dollars on environmental protection when the economy is so fragile.
If we want to address global warming, along with the other environmental problems associated with our continued rush to burn our precious fossil fuels as quickly as possible, we must learn to use our resources more wisely, kick our addiction, and quickly start turning to sources of energy that have fewer negative impacts.
From year to year, environmental changes are incremental and often barely register in our lives, but from evolutionary or geological perspectives, what is happening is explosive change.
Beyond reducing individual use, one of our top priorities must be to move from fossil fuels to energy that has fewer detrimental effects on water supplies and fewer environmental impacts overall.
I don't see this planet being... they're talking about how they're turning around the environmental problems here, but I think it's already too late.
Nature is not simply a technical or economical resource, and human beings are not mere numbers. To suggest that one can somehow align all the squabbling institutions of science, environmental management, government and diplomacy in an alliance of convenience to regulate the global climate seems to me optimistic.
I took the initiative in moving forward a whole range of initiatives that have proven to be important to our country's economic growth, environmental protection, improvements in our educational system.
In Kenya women are the first victims of environmental degradation, because they are the ones who walk for hours looking for water, who fetch firewood, who provide food for their families.
We had some major successes and we did so because the country embraced the spirit of Earth Day and embraced this concept that we have to have forward-looking, visionary environmental policy and energy policy in this country.
Energy and environmental regulation, transportation, and broadband policy all benefit when legislators have a basic grounding in the technical concepts behind business models, products, and innovation.
Raising awareness on the most pressing environmental issues of our time is more important than ever.
Toxins love to get you while you're young. Lead, mercury, secondhand smoke and sundry other environmental nasties do a lot more damage when tissue is immature, vulnerable and growing than when it's mature and comparatively fixed.
If China is helping its domestic industries charge an artificially low price for solar panels and other environmental goods, then China is violating international trade rules that it agreed to when it became a member of the World Trade Organization.
American culture is torn between our long romance with violence and our terror of the devastation wrought by war and crime and environmental havoc.
Complexity is one of the great problems in environmental design.
We have fought for social justice. We have fought for economic justice. We have fought for environmental justice. We have fought for criminal justice. Now we must add a new fight - the fight for electoral justice.
I am going to confront the old-fashioned negative thinking which says that all government needs to do to generate growth is cut worker and environmental protections, cut taxes on the rich and stroke 'fat cats' until they purr with pleasure. I'm completely repudiating the idea that government has to get out of the way.
We need to accept the seemingly obvious fact that a toxic environment can make people sick and that no amount of medical intervention can protect us. The health care community must become a powerful political lobby for environmental policy and legislation.
The environmental crisis arises from a fundamental fault: our systems of production - in industry, agriculture, energy and transportation - essential as they are, make people sick and die.
The most meaningful engine of change, powerful enough to confront corporate power, may be not so much environmental quality, as the economic development and growth associated with the effort to improve it.
I really believe in the environmental movement right now - it only takes a little effort to make a big difference.
Americans don't pay much attention to environmental issues, because they aren't sexy. I mean, cleaning up coal plants and reining in outlaw frackers is hugely important work, but it doesn't get anybody's pulse racing.
Mark Ruffalo, aka the Incredible Hulk, is the natural gas industry's worst nightmare: a serious, committed activist who is determined to use his star power as a superhero in the hottest movie of the moment to draw attention the environmental and public health risks of fracking.
Have we failed to slow global warming pollution in part because climate and environmental activists have been too polite and well behaved?
In this country, the health concerns and the environmental concerns are as deep as in Europe. All the surveys show that. But here, we didn't have the cultural dimension. This is a fast-food culture.
The position I took at the time was that we hadn't really examined any of the potential environmental consequences of introducing genetically modified organisms.
The industrial processes in use today were developed at a time when no one had to consider what the environmental impact was. Who cared? But making ecological concerns matter to a company's bottom line will help it do the research and development that will reinvent everything we buy.
The most important environmental issue is one that is rarely mentioned, and that is the lack of a conservation ethic in our culture.
At every turn, when humanity is asked the question, 'Do you want temporary economic gain or long-term environmental loss, which one do you prefer,' we invariably choose the money.
A shift is necessary toward lifestyles less geared to environmental damaging consumption patterns.
I am on the board of corporations who contribute both to environmental problems and their solutions. And I am on the NGO side: the Earth Council and other organizations.
I've developed a huge regard for Toyota for its environmental awareness, for its immense commitment to research and development in this field, and for its leadership in developing hybrids which others are now following.
One of the things that I've always thought I would like to do is to develop an environmental index. Then people can measure their own environmental performance on an index as they do in other ways.
Ted Turner is still a leader. And he sets a great example. His ability financially has been reduced, but his influence and his example still is an important asset to the whole environmental movement.
Why should we not expect self-designated environmental leaders to practice what they preach?
I'm a latecomer to the environmental issue, which for years seemed to me like an excuse for more government regulation. But I can see that in rich societies, voters are paying less attention to economic issues and more to issues of the spirit, including the environment.
Civilization has given us enormous successes: going to the moon, technology. But then this is the civilisation that took us to debt, environmental crisis, every single crisis. We need a civilization where we say goodbye to these things.
You cannot achieve environmental security and human development without addressing the basic issues of health and nutrition.
The environmental benefits of hydrogen are also outstanding. When used as an energy source, hydrogen produces no emissions besides water. Zero polluting emissions, an amazing advance over the current sources of energy that we use.
Hydrogen holds great promise to meet many of our future energy needs, and it addresses national security and our environmental concerns. Hydrogen is the simplest, most abundant element in the universe.
By cutting critical domestic programs such as education, health, environmental protection, and veterans' services, this budget reveals misplaced priorities.
There are nuclear weapons in China, Iran, Korea and Pakistan. It wouldn't take much to send a couple of warheads off on this planet somewhere that would cause a lot of environmental damage, then if you have got someone who wants to retaliate you have real problems.
I'd say that animal rights and environmental issues have always been at the forefront of my mind.
My entry into the environmental arena was through the issue that so dramatically - and destructively - demonstrates the link between science and social action: nuclear weapons.
In every case, the environmental hazards were made known only by independent scientists, who were often bitterly opposed by the corporations responsible for the hazards.
By adopting the control strategy, the nation's environmental program has created a built-in antagonism between environmental quality and economic growth.
Environmental quality was drastically improved while economic activity grew by the simple expedient of removing lead from gasoline - which prevented it from entering the environment.
The wave of new productive enterprises would provide opportunities to remedy the unjust distribution of environmental hazards among economic classes and racial and ethnic communities.
The environmental crisis is a global problem, and only global action will resolve it.
Environmental pollution is an incurable disease. It can only be prevented.
What I have experienced over time is that environmental problems are easier to deal with in ways that don't go into their interconnections to the rest of what we are.
There is no question that photography has played a major role in the environmental movement.
These days, most nature photographers are deeply committed to the environmental message.
Federal elections happen every two years in this country. Presidential elections every four years. And four years just isn't long enough to dismantle all the environmental laws we've got in this country.
New Zealand needs to balance its environmental responsibilities with its economic opportunities, because the risk is that if you don't do that - and you want to lead the world - then you might end up getting unintended consequences.
Without international participation, jobs and emissions will simply shift overseas to countries that require few, if any, environmental protections, harming the global environment as well as the U.S. economy.
I think an old style of addressing environmental problems is ebbing, but the rise of the so-called conservative, political movement in this country is not a trend towards the future but a reaction to this very broad shift that we are undergoing.
Environmental protection doesn't happen in a vacuum. You can't separate the impact on the environment from the impact on our families and communities.
Like I said, I'm more worried long term about the environmental issues then the use of arms.
The Body Shop Foundation is run by our staff and supports social activism and environmental activism. We don't tend to support big agencies.
More than ever before, there is a global understanding that long-term social, economic, and environmental development would be impossible without healthy families, communities, and countries.
There's so many issues tied to the meat industry. I mean, social, environmental, humanitarian - all of them. I know that when I'm eating that I'm not hurting the planet, I'm not hurting other people on this planet, I'm not hurting animals... and I'm not hurting nature.
We all recognize that in recent decades, many important achievements have helped create a cleaner, healthier environment, yet our national needs in environmental health are not being fully met.
We created the Cabinet Committee on the Environment to review the environmental implications of all government initiatives. I think what made us successful was the fact that it was a sustained approach. We did something new every year.
If we talk about the environment, for example, we have to talk about environmental racism - about the fact that kids in South Central Los Angeles have a third of the lung capacity of kids in Santa Monica.
A fascinating challenge facing today's environmental movement is how to best approach the reversal of past decisions that altered once-pristine environmental spaces for the sake of urgent man-made needs.
Some types of environmental restoration projects are well-known restored wetlands, for instance, or coal mine reclamation projects. Recently though, larger dam removal projects have started, a number of them in Washington state.
Unless action is taken soon - unless we can display the same vision of that earlier period - we will lose the treasure of California's open space and environmental beauty.
I thought I was gonna be an attorney, so I went to Dartmouth and I was a government major and I minored in environmental policy, and I didn't do anything academically around the arts.
And I know that the younger generation is doing things that are so ingenious. And for them it's not a matter of a political belief or an environmental stance. It's really just common sense.
But, as environment minister, I am very interested in a thriving German automobile industry, because I can only pay for the rising costs of environmental protection at home and abroad if there are people in Germany with jobs and who pay taxes.
Global markets must be balanced by global values such as respect for human rights and international law, democracy, security and sustainable economic and environmental development.
So to hope to be able to have peace, to be able to have justice and environmental balance, are consequences of our behavior, not just our intentions.
I wanted to help raise awareness, so I created an environmental foundation called Just Within Reach.
I think we have grave problems. I am very much concerned about environmental questions, even though in Finnish society, we are not facing the most urgent problems.
This Nation has realized significant environmental improvements over the last three decades.
Fracking is doable if there's full disclosure of all chemicals used. Secondly, science dictates the policy rather than politics. Third, there's collaboration between environmental groups and the natural gas industry.
My idea of an amusement park story is getting adventurers to go tour environmental disaster areas. After all, if the entire Great Barrier Reef gets killed, which seems like an extremely lively possibility, what are you going to do with all that rotting limestone?
Despite Arizona's remarkable growth in recent years, we have met the current federal health standards for ozone pollution and the Environmental Protection Agency recently approved our dust control plan.
I've always been a strong supporter of environmental protection and initiatives in that area. But I'm willing to set priorities. If we have to make reductions in one place, we'll have to-in order to increase another place, I'm willing to do that.
I assume we will have figured out a way to efficiently utilize solar energy and tied that to an efficient way to use nuclear energy in such a way that it doesn't pose a serious environmental issue.
During my travels in Iraq, Israel, Gaza, Brazil, Indonesia, Japan, Europe and all over the United States, I have seen and heard the voices of people who want change. They want the stabilization of the economy, education and healthcare for all, renewable energy and an environmental vision with an eye on generations to come.
There's no longer any surprise in noting that China has grave environmental problems.
Environmental disaster is the gravest threat to China's continued development. That's according to me, but it is not some wacko view.
My efforts in Congress are guided by the belief that environmental preservation and restoration are a critical part of the legacy we leave to future generations.
Environmental policy must strike a balance between the earth's best interests and our citizen's pressing needs.
But reducing harmful emissions, abating our dependence on foreign oil and developing alternative renewable energy sources have benefits that go beyond environmental health, they improve personal health, enhance national security and encourage our nation's economic viability.
All living beings, not just animals, but plants and microorganisms, perceive. To survive, an organic being must perceive - it must seek, or at least recognize, food and avoid environmental danger.
We have a project with Unocal here in Los Angeles, where we as an environmental organization, the oil company, and the state all get together to promote the recycling of used motor oil.
We're not trying to reinvent the wheel for any environmental organization to claim sole responsibility for any kind of victory is insane, because everybody attacks these problems as a group.
The environmental movement, like all political processes, reacts best to disasters. But these are very slow, very gradual disasters in the making.
Address these environmental issues and you will address every issue known to man. And we keep dabbling in things that aren't really that important in the long term.
Climate change is happening, humans are causing it, and I think this is perhaps the most serious environmental issue facing us.
I align myself with almost all researchers in assuming that anything we do is a composite of whatever genetic limitations were given to us by our parents and whatever kinds of environmental opportunities are available.
Cities all over the world are getting bigger as more and more people move from rural to urban sites, but that has created enormous problems with respect to environmental pollution and the general quality of life.
A variety of factors contribute to the price of gasoline in the United States. These factors include worldwide supply, demand and competition for crude oil, taxes, regional differences in access to gasoline supplies and environmental regulations.
We should restore a proper balance in environmental regulation and energy production that is based on common sense, not political agendas.
If there are more and more environmental refugees, they are going to end up on your doorstep too.
Ethanol is a premier, high performance fuel. It has tremendous environmental benefits and is a key component to energy independence for our country.
There are a tremendous amount of environmental issues that are on the table.
And secondly, I would impose a significant state landfill tipping fee and use that tipping fee to fund the billion dollar bond issue that I want to create to produce the funds for all of the environmental challenges that we just went over.
While the Environmental Genome Project does not seek to assign allele frequencies, we are aware of the importance of accurate allele frequency estimates for future epidemiologic studies and the large sample sizes such estimates will require.
It is important to consider whether the sample size selected by the Environmental Genome Project will provide sufficient power to discover most alleles relevant to gene-environment interactions.
One of the responsibilities faced by the Environmental Genome Project is to provide the science base upon which society can make better informed risk management decisions.
The infrastructure for linking environmental health and public health is not working as well as it should.
Moreover, environmental health at the local level has become narrowly focused, very much defined around regulations and the attendant regulatory debates.
Having yet another vote on refinery legislation that uses high oil prices as an excuse to weaken environmental protections and to give more legislative gifts to the oil industry is misguided in the extreme.
Let me start by emphasizing that I am open to efforts to expedite environmental procedures for true emergencies or in other clear cases where current laws are needlessly burdensome.
Well, for starters, we have to do more to create demand for new technologies that can reduce our dependence on foreign oil and environmental degradation.
Practically every environmental problem we have can be traced to our addiction to fossil fuels, primarily oil.
At Current, television is all we do - that's our business. We don't have amusement parks I have to worry about, we don't have environmental cases against us, we don't have a series of outdoor-advertising companies.
It is extremely important to me that the social and environmental issues associated with the production of fashion clothing are addressed.
I tell my environmental friends that they have won. Every issue we look at from an energy perspective is now also looked at from an environmental perspective.
It is one of the issues that will have to be worked through however let me make the point and I think anyone would accept that if you set it up properly, not only will you get better environmental outcomes, you have a chance to create more wealth with the available resource.
But my point is that you design something in the end that precludes any unhealthy trading practices that are not going to serve your environmental or your economic objectives but now is not the time to do it.
I think it makes people in the Pentagon kind of nervous to know that chemical agents and environmental factors could cause so much damage in terms of what may happen in the future.
There is no 'need' for us to eat meat, dairy or eggs. Indeed, these foods are increasingly linked to various human diseases and animal agriculture is an environmental disaster for the planet.
There are more effective ways of tackling environmental problems including global warming, proliferation of plastics, urban sprawl, and the loss of biodiversity than by treaties, top-down regulations, and other approaches offered by big governments and their dependents.
No one does a better, cleaner, or environmental friendlier, than the United States, when it comes to drilling for oil, gas, coal, oil refineries and fish friendly hydroelectric.
I hope that in future Congresses there will reemerge a recognition that climate change is a reality, that our policies to meet our energy needs must also deal responsibly with environmental issues, including the damage caused by greenhouse gas emissions.
Time after time we're told corporations should have freedom from pesky job safety regulations, environmental protections and labor standards - giving working people the freedom to be crushed in collapsing mines, choke on filthy air and get paid too little to live on.
Furthermore, both Pennsylvania and New Jersey Departments of Environmental Protection have evaluated the sediment to be dredged and also found it to be not toxic.
In the state of Wisconsin it's mandated that teachers in the social sciences and hard sciences have to start giving environmental education by the first grade, through high school.
Franklin Roosevelt was very concerned about environmental issues.
I like the outdoors and the natural world. Environmental issues.
There has been a banking crisis, a financial crisis, an economic crisis, a social crisis, a geostrategic crisis and an environmental crisis. That's considerable in a country that's used to being protected.
Public discourse has been polluted now for decades by corporate-funded disinformation - not just with climate change but with a host of health, environmental and societal threats. The implications for the planet are grim.
This Bush administration has a growing credibility gap, maybe even a credibility chasm, on environmental policy. The President has lost the trust of the American people when it comes to the environment.
It is the greatest scam in history. I am amazed, appalled and highly offended by it. Global Warming It is a scam. Some dastardly scientists with environmental and political motives manipulated long term scientific data to create an illusion of rapid global warming.
There should be more attention paid to scientific research in the ecology area, and I think that such attention to proper environmental concerns would make the public feel much better about it.
Just as there's garbage that pollutes the Potomac river, there is garbage polluting our culture. We need an Environmental Protection Agency to clean it up.
Architects in the past have tended to concentrate their attention on the building as a static object. I believe dynamics are more important: the dynamics of people, their interaction with spaces and environmental condition.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.
I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit together at the table of brotherhood.
The sweltering summer of the Negro's legitimate discontent will not pass until there is an invigorating autumn of freedom and equality.
Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
These men ask for just the same thing, fairness, and fairness only. This, so far as in my power, they, and all others, shall have.
I believe in equality for everyone, except reporters and photographers.
If liberty and equality, as is thought by some, are chiefly to be found in democracy, they will be best attained when all persons alike share in government to the utmost.
Coming generations will learn equality from poverty, and love from woes.
All this talk about equality. The only thing people really have in common is that they are all going to die.
We will never have true civilization until we have learned to recognize the rights of others.
I am free of all prejudices. I hate every one equally.
I know my country has not perfected itself. At times, we've struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people. We've made our share of mistakes, and there are times when our actions around the world have not lived up to our best intentions.
Equality, rightly understood as our founding fathers understood it, leads to liberty and to the emancipation of creative differences wrongly understood, as it has been so tragically in our time, it leads first to conformity and then to despotism.
In America everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors, for, from the time of Jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal applies only upwards, not downwards.
If any man claims the Negro should be content... let him say he would willingly change the color of his skin and go to live in the Negro section of a large city. Then and only then has he a right to such a claim.
Racism is still with us. But it is up to us to prepare our children for what they have to meet, and, hopefully, we shall overcome.
Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact.
The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality.
From the equality of rights springs identity of our highest interests you cannot subvert your neighbor's rights without striking a dangerous blow at your own.
The battle for women's rights has been largely won.
All the people like us are we, and everyone else is They.
A woman who thinks she is intelligent demands the same rights as man. An intelligent woman gives up.
All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality.
Equality is the soul of liberty there is, in fact, no liberty without it.
To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
I am totally against the idea that a Muslim woman should not have the same opportunities as a Muslim man to learn, to open up, to work, help shape the future. To close Islam down to a sexist approach is totally intolerable and ridiculous. It's not Islam.
There can be no equality or opportunity if men and women and children be not shielded in their lives from the consequences of great industrial and social processes which they cannot alter, control, or singly cope with.
As equality increases, so does the number of people struggling for predominance.
It is better that some should be unhappy rather than that none should be happy, which would be the case in a general state of equality.
In order to get beyond racism, we must first take account of race. There is no other way. And in order to treat some persons equally, we must treat them differently.
The emotional, sexual, and psychological stereotyping of females begins when the doctor says: It's a girl.
No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men.
Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity.
Women are the only exploited group in history to have been idealized into powerlessness.
Do not call for black power or green power. Call for brain power.
One of the things about equality is not just that you be treated equally to a man, but that you treat yourself equally to the way you treat a man.
If we were to select the most intelligent, imaginative, energetic, and emotionally stable third of mankind, all races would be present.
The cry of equality pulls everyone down.
I have no respect for the passion of equality, which seems to me merely idealizing envy.
More countries have understood that women's equality is a prerequisite for development.
Equality is not in regarding different things similarly, equality is in regarding different things differently.
Women's rights is not only an abstraction, a cause it is also a personal affair. It is not only about us it is also about me and you. Just the two of us.
Private religious speech can't be discriminated against. It has to be treated equally with secular speech.
Virtue can only flourish among equals.
People are pretty much alike. It's only that our differences are more susceptible to definition than our similarities.
Real equality is immensely difficult to achieve, it needs continual revision and monitoring of distributions. And it does not provide buffers between members, so they are continually colliding or frustrating each other.
Equal pay isn't just a women's issue when women get equal pay, their family incomes rise and the whole family benefits.
All imaginable futures are not equally possible.
Nobody really believes in equality anyway.
I want for myself what I want for other women, absolute equality.
I want to work on respecting individuals' dignity. Equal rights, that's where my heart is. That means equal rights and benefits, and that's what we need.
All men are born equally free.
I want to organize so that women see ourselves as people who are entitled to power, entitled to leadership.
Stewardesses are still paid so little that in many cases, new hires qualify for food stamps.
We who are liberal and progressive know that the poor are our equals in every sense except that of being equal to us.
We are a model country where gender equality is concerned.
Democratic principles are the result of equality of condition.
Equality and development will not be achieved however if peace is not understood from women's' point of view.
Until women learn to want economic independence, and until they work out a way to get this independence without denying themselves the joys of love and motherhood, it seems to me feminism has no roots.
Women have a lot to say about how to advance women's rights, and governments need to learn from that, listen to the movement and respond.
I am an aristocrat. I love liberty I hate equality.
The extension of women's rights is the basic principle of all social progress.
I refuse to consign the whole male sex to the nursery. I insist on believing that some men are my equals.
Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word, equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude.
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.
Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom.
Here are the values that I stand for: honesty, equality, kindness, compassion, treating people the way you want to be treated and helping those in need. To me, those are traditional values.
Democracy... is a charming form of government, full of variety and disorder and dispensing a sort of equality to equals and unequals alike.
I believe in the equality of man and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow-creatures happy.
With patient and firm determination, I am going to press on for jobs. I'm going to press on for equality. I'm going to press on for the sake of our children. I'm going to press on for the sake of all those families who are struggling right now. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I am going to press on.
Then not only custom, but also nature affirms that to do is more disgraceful than to suffer injustice, and that justice is equality.
Just as modern mass production requires the standardization of commodities, so the social process requires standardization of man, and this standardization is called equality.
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
No advance in wealth, no softening of manners, no reform or revolution has ever brought human equality a millimeter nearer.
The land is ours. It's not European and we have taken it, we have given it to the rightful people... Those of white extraction who happen to be in the country and are farming are welcome to do so, but they must do so on the basis of equality.
A claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers.
I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity.
Gender equality is more than a goal in itself. It is a precondition for meeting the challenge of reducing poverty, promoting sustainable development and building good governance.
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
Indians today are governed by two different ideologies. Their political ideal set in the preamble of the Constitution affirms a life of liberty, equality and fraternity. Their social ideal embodied in their religion denies them.
Small natures require despotism to exercise their sinews, as great souls thirst for equality to give play to their heart.
Subordination tends greatly to human happiness. Were we all upon an equality, we should have no other enjoyment than mere animal pleasure.
The true and solid peace of nations consists not in equality of arms, but in mutual trust alone.
Disease generally begins that equality which death completes.
Humanism was not wrong in thinking that truth, beauty, liberty, and equality are of infinite value, but in thinking that man can get them for himself without grace.
The main business of religions is to purify, control, and restrain that excessive and exclusive taste for well-being which men acquire in times of equality.
Proclaim human equality as loudly as you like, Witless will serve his brother.
Candor is a compliment it implies equality. It's how true friends talk.
From the naturalistic point of view, all men are equal. There are only two exceptions to this rule of naturalistic equality: geniuses and idiots.
The poor have to labour in the face of the majestic equality of the law, which forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
Even the striving for equality by means of a directed economy can result only in an officially enforced inequality - an authoritarian determination of the status of each individual in the new hierarchical order.
You see, Africa makes a fool of our idea of justice. It makes a farce of our idea of equality. It mocks our pieties. It doubts our concern. It questions our commitment. Because there is no way we can look at what's happening in Africa, and if we're honest, conclude that it would ever be allowed to happen anywhere else.
A fundamentalist can't bring himself or herself to negotiate with people who disagree with them because the negotiating process itself is an indication of implied equality.
I believe there is complete equality between men and women. And I believe those passages in the New Testament, not by Jesus, but by Paul, that say women should not adorn themselves, they should always wear hats or color their hair in church - things like that - I think they are signs of the times and should not apply to modern-day life.
I don't believe that if I came out as bisexual the world will change. But it's really important for people to be truthful about who they are and fight for equality. We need to help the world usher itself into the next phase.
Socialism values equality more than liberty.
His lordship may compel us to be equal upstairs, but there will never be equality in the servants hall.
Equality is the public recognition, effectively expressed in institutions and manners, of the principle that an equal degree of attention is due to the needs of all human beings.
You have to stand guard over the development and maintenance of Islamic democracy, Islamic social justice and the equality of manhood in your own native soil.
For a modern woman it is important to be supported and that there is equality in every aspect, and that it's not two halves that make a whole - it's two wholes that make a whole.
OK, in all seriousness, I would say I couldn't be in a relationship without equality, generosity, integrity, spirit, kindness and humor. And awesomeness.
I happen to agree with many of the liberal emphasis on compassion, justice and equality. I just disagree that it's the government's role to provide everything.
Take your message of equality of achievement, take your message of economic dependency, take your message of enslaving the entrepreneurial will and spirit of the American people somewhere else.
The perfection of our union, especially our commitment to equality of opportunity, has been a story of constant striving to live up to our Founding principles. This is what Abraham Lincoln meant when he said, 'In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free - honorable alike in what we give, and what we preserve.'
Marriage equality is about more than just marriage. It's about something greater. It's about acceptance.
A commitment to sexual equality with males is a commitment to becoming the rich instead of the poor, the rapist instead of the raped, the murderer instead of the murdered.
Until we get equality in education, we won't have an equal society.
I never doubted that equal rights was the right direction. Most reforms, most problems are complicated. But to me there is nothing complicated about ordinary equality.
American society will never completely understand the true meaning of equality.
We must recover the element of quality in our traditional pursuit of equality. We must not, in opening our schools to everyone, confuse the idea that all should have equal chance with the notion that all have equal endowments.
It is clear that not in one thing alone, but in many ways equality and freedom of speech are a good thing.
Among the best traitors Ireland has ever had, Mother Church ranks at the very top, a massive obstacle in the path to equality and freedom. She has been a force for conservatism... to ward off threats to her own security and influence.
As long as there is rape... there is not going to be any peace or justice or equality or freedom. You are not going to become what you want to become or who you want to become. You are not going to live in the world you want to live in.
The media says that equality for women has arrived, but if you look around, you still don't see girls playing guitars and having success with it.
The word 'equality' shows up too much in our founding documents for anyone to pretend it's not the American way.
Jackie Robinson, as an athlete and as someone who was trying to make a stand for equality, he was exemplary.
Our society needs to recognize the unstoppable momentum toward unequivocal civil equality for every gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered citizen of this country.
So what we're talking about here is human rights. The right to live like a human. The right to live, period. And what we're facing in Africa is an unprecedented threat to human dignity and equality.
Political Freedom without economic equality is a pretense, a fraud, a lie and the workers want no lying.
The focus of tolerance education is to deal with the concept of equality and fairness. We need to establish confidence with children that there is more goodness than horror in this world.
Women will only have true equality when men share with them the responsibility of bringing up the next generation.
Genuine equality between the sexes can only be realized in the process of the socialist transformation of society as a whole.
I've always been hopeful about Scotland's prospects. And I now believe more than ever that Scotland is within touching distance of achieving independence and equality.
The state controlling a woman would mean denying her full autonomy and full equality.
The sole equality on earth is death.
It is a strange fact that freedom and equality, the two basic ideas of democracy, are to some extent contradictory. Logically considered, freedom and equality are mutually exclusive, just as society and the individual are mutually exclusive.
The purpose that brought the fourteenth amendment into being was equality before the law, and equality, not separation, was written into the law.
The equality that we are all entitled to, as citizens of this democracy, can't be avoided by some religious dogma of a President who's is supposed to believe in the notion of separation of church and state. And he frankly doesn't.
There will always be a place for us somewhere, somehow, as long as we see to it that working people fight for everything they have, everything they hope to get, for dignity, equality, democracy, to oppose war and to bring to the world a better life.
I do not think white America is committed to granting equality to the American Negro. This is a passionately racist country it will continue to be so in the foreseeable future.
The only way to get gay issues off the front pages of Canadian newspapers is to grant gay and lesbian people our full civil equality and leave it alone.
Our goals for this nation must be nothing less than to double the size of our economy and bring prosperity and jobs, ownership and equality of opportunity to all Americans, especially those living in our nation's pockets of poverty.
I believe in the equality of man and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow-creatures happy.
The more equality women have, the fairer, more civilized and tolerant society will be. Sexual equality is a lot more effective against terrorism than military strength.
I am fiscally prudent and socially progressive. I believe in protecting a woman's right to choose. I believe in marriage equality.
Marriage equality changed life for people.
Rosa Parks was the queen mother of a movement whose single act of heroism sparked the movement for freedom, justice and equality. Her greatest contribution is that she told us a regular person can make a difference.
I am a universalist, passionately devoted to the cause of equality within the human family.
Each country has a soul, and France's soul is equality.
Racism oppresses its victims, but also binds the oppressors, who sear their consciences with more and more lies until they become prisoners of those lies. They cannot face the truth of human equality because it reveals the horror of the injustices they commit.
Prosperity or egalitarianism - you have to choose. I favor freedom - you never achieve real equality anyway: you simply sacrifice prosperity for an illusion.
You learn about equality in history and civics, but you find out life is not really like that.
Democracy not only requires equality but also an unshakable conviction in the value of each person, who is then equal.
Republicans many times can't get the words 'equality of opportunity' out of their mouths. Their lips do not form that way.
To realize that new world we must prefer the values of freedom and equality above all other values - above personal wealth, technical power and nationalism.
Unless man is committed to the belief that all mankind are his brothers, then he labors in vain and hypocritically in the vineyards of equality.
Again, it may be said, that to love justice and equality the people need no great effort of virtue it is sufficient that they love themselves.
In the end no segregationist scheme has withstood the force of a simple idea: equality under law.
As a first step there must be an offer to achieve equality of rights in disarmament by abolishing the weapons forbidden to the Central Powers by the Peace Treaties.
Canada is the homeland of equality, justice and tolerance.
I should like to suggest to you that the cause of all the economic troubles is that we have an economic system which tries to maintain an equality of value between two things, which it would be better to recognise from the beginning as of unequal value.
From a viable economy to the full funding of Headstart, from a clean environment to true equality for women, from a strong military to a commitment to racial brotherhood, from schools that are honored to streets free of excessive violence.
It is crucial that members of Congress cast votes that are supportive of the values upon which our nation was founded: equality, freedom, and opportunity for all people.
Well, my view before was a Western view, and I certainly understand marriage equality and civil rights, equal rights for all, but having visited developing nations and some of the poorest nations in the world, I realize how deep it goes and how much work really needs to be done to create equality for all.
Feminism is just about equality, really, and there's so much stuff attached to the word, when it's actually so simple. I don't know why it's always so bogged down.
Friendship is something that creates equality and mutuality, not a reward for finding equality or a way of intensifying existing mutuality.
I believe I've always been a big believer in equality. No one has ever been able to tell me I couldn't do something because I was a girl.
There's a beauty in being part of a band, when there's equality and trust.
I don't believe in social equality, and they know it.
I believe that as women, we must commit ourselves to sustaining the progress made by our foremothers who fought so hard for women's equality and liberation.
The vision that the founding fathers had of rule of law and equality before the law and no one above the law, that is a very viable vision, but instead of that, we have quasi mob rule.
We are all different. Yet we are all God's children. We are all united behind this country and the common cause of freedom, justice, fairness, and equality. That is what unites us.
In Nicaragua, liberty, equality and the rule of law were the stuff of dreams. But in Paris I discovered the value of those words.
Unless there is recognition that women are most vulnerable... and you do something about social and cultural equality for women, you're never going to defeat this pandemic.
The Klan had used fear, intimidation and murder to brutally oppress over African-Americans who sought justice and equality and it sought to respond to the young workers of the civil rights movement in Mississippi in the same way.
Republican patience with how unionism deals with the political institutions, and with key issues like equality and human rights, will be tested because, obviously, there will be a battle a day on these matters. So lets face up to all of this with our eyes wide open.
Sinn Fein has demonstrated the ability to play a leadership role as part of a popular movement towards peace, equality and justice.
The unionists also for their part, want to minimise the potential for change, not only on the equality agenda but on the issues of sovereignty and ending the union.
The most important thing is the indigenous people are not vindictive by nature. We are not here to oppress anybody - but to join together and build Bolivia, with justice and equality.
It became clear to me in an instant that living a gay life without publicly acknowledging it is simply not enough to make any significant contribution to the immense work that lies ahead on the road to complete equality.
I'm an activist for gay marriage equality and children's rights. I'm the face of Share Our Strength.
As soon as man enters into a state of society he loses the sense of his weakness equality ceases, and then commences the state of war.
One of the factors a country's economy depends on is human capital. If you don't provide women with adequate access to healthcare, education and employment, you lose at least half of your potential. So, gender equality and women's empowerment bring huge economic benefits.
Educational equality doesn't guarantee equality on the labor market. Even the most developed countries are not gender-equal. There are still glass ceilings and 'leaky pipelines' that prevent women from getting ahead in the workplace.
U.N. Women was created due to the acknowledgement that gender equality and women's empowerment was still, despite progress, far from what it should be. Transforming political will and decisions, such as the Member States creating U.N. Women, into concrete steps towards gender equality and women's empowerment, I think is one of the main challenges.
Gender equality will only be reached if we are able to empower women.
Civilization is built on a number of ultimate principles... respect for human life, the punishment of crimes against property and persons, the equality of all good citizens before the law... or, in a word justice.
Mormons... are so strong, they can handle wealth, they are confident. I think it is because they are not bogged down by rules for equality, but have a firmly defined system of relative status and responsible command.
Inequality can have a bad downside, but equality, for its part, sure does get in the way of coordination.
We live in a world where equality is pretty important.
Is there an equality of power between America and Iraq? Definitely not however, the Iraqi people are standing fast and are defending their land courageously.
Elections are also about the future - the pledges that we are making for this country. For those who care about equality and fairness in the UK, and beyond, Labour really is the only choice.
Equality implies individuality.
In science, all facts, no matter how trivial or banal, enjoy democratic equality.
Abortion is defended today as a means of ensuring the equality and independence of women, and as a solution to the problems of single parenting, child abuse, and the feminization of poverty.
The advocates of abortion on demand falsely assume two things: that women must suffer if the lives of unborn children are legally protected and that women can only attain equality by having the legal option of destroying their innocent offspring in the womb.
As many political writers have pointed out, commitment to political equality is not an empirical claim that people are clones.
The civil rights movement in the United States was about the same thing, about equality of treatment for all sections of the people, and that is precisely what our movement was about.
Most of all, we should remember all of us are capable of individually helping advance the spirit of equality for all.
We have to restore power to the family, to the neighborhood, and the community with a non-market principle, a principle of equality, of charity, of let's-take-care-of-one-another. That's the creative challenge.
Looking back, there is nothing wrong with that peace, love and equality that the hippies espoused. In many ways, we have regressed because they were into organic food, back to nature, make love not war, be good to all men, share and share alike - which is what many are talking about now.
The liberal ideal is that everyone should have fair access and fair opportunity. This is not equality of result. It's equality of opportunity. There's a fundamental difference.
The rights of one sex, political and otherwise, are the same as those of the other sex, and this equality of rights ought to be fully recognized.
The people of Canada have worked hard to build a country that opens its doors to include all, regardless of their differences a country that respects all, regardless of their differences a country that demands equality for all, regardless of their differences.
In Canada, women's rights are a vital part of our effort to build a society of real equality - not just for some, but for all Canadians. A society in which women no longer encounter discrimination nor are shut out from opportunities open to others.
All sports must be treated on the basis of equality.
How are men to be secured in any rights without instruction how to be secured in the equal exercise of those rights without equality of instruction? By instruction understand me to mean knowledge - just knowledge not talent, not genius, not inventive mental powers.
His lordship may compel us to be equal upstairs, but there will never be equality in the servants' hall.
Any serious shift towards more sustainable societies has to include gender equality.
I do not want to be the angel of any home: I want for myself what I want for other women, absolute equality. After that is secured, then men and women can take turns being angels.
Where terrorists offer injustice, disorder and destruction, the United States and its allies stand for freedom, fairness, equality, hope, and opportunity.
In a state therefore of great equality and virtue, where pure and simple manners prevailed, the increase of the human species would evidently be much greater than any increase that has been hitherto known.
Feudal societies don't create great cinema we have great theatre. The egalitarian societies create great cinema. The Americans, the French. Because equality is sort of what the cinema deals with. It deals with stories which don't fall into 'Everybody in their place and who's who,' and all that. But the theatre's full of that.
There's a remarkable amount of sexism on TV. When male characters are flawed, they're interesting, deep and complex. But when female characters are flawed, they're just a mess. It's good to put more flawed but interesting female characters out there because it promotes equality.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science.
Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.
It was the experience of mystery - even if mixed with fear - that engendered religion.
Experience demands that man is the only animal which devours his own kind, for I can apply no milder term to the general prey of the rich on the poor.
Let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion. Reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle.
The more connections you and your lover make, not just between your bodies, but between your minds, your hearts, and your souls, the more you will strengthen the fabric of your relationship, and the more real moments you will experience together.
I believe that anyone can conquer fear by doing the things he fears to do, provided he keeps doing them until he gets a record of successful experience behind him.
I don't believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the experience of being alive.
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability.
Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. Human beings have the awesome ability to take any experience of their lives and create a meaning that disempowers them or one that can literally save their lives.
The marvelous richness of human experience would lose something of rewarding joy if there were no limitations to overcome. The hilltop hour would not be half so wonderful if there were no dark valleys to traverse.
Many people know so little about what is beyond their short range of experience. They look within themselves - and find nothing! Therefore they conclude that there is nothing outside themselves either.
Never, never and never again shall it be that this beautiful land will again experience the oppression of one by another.
I had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad and to travel for it too!
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.
If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience.
Experience teaches us that it is much easier to prevent an enemy from posting themselves than it is to dislodge them after they have got possession.
My experience has been that work is almost the best way to pull oneself out of the depths.
Unwearied ceaseless effort is the price that must be paid for turning faith into a rich infallible experience.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
I am a woman in process. I'm just trying like everybody else. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull.
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
Fame will go by and, so long, I've had you, fame. If it goes by, I've always known it was fickle. So at least it's something I experience, but that's not where I live.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.
I probably hold the distinction of being one movie star who, by all laws of logic, should never have made it. At each stage of my career, I lacked the experience.
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good.
A lot of people in our industry haven't had very diverse experiences. So they don't have enough dots to connect, and they end up with very linear solutions without a broad perspective on the problem. The broader one's understanding of the human experience, the better design we will have.
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
The wise are instructed by reason, average minds by experience, the stupid by necessity and the brute by instinct.
Experience, as a desire for experience, does not come off. We must not study ourselves while having an experience.
To use the same words is not a sufficient guarantee of understanding one must use the same words for the same genus of inward experience ultimately one must have one's experiences in common.
Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger portion of the truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant.
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.
What each must seek in his life never was on land or sea. It is something out of his own unique potentiality for experience, something that never has been and never could have been experienced by anyone else.
I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience.
Genius is the ability to renew one's emotions in daily experience.
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.
We should not look back unless it is to derive useful lessons from past errors, and for the purpose of profiting by dearly bought experience.
Take time to gather up the past so that you will be able to draw from your experience and invest them in the future.
Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.
I don't have to have faith, I have experience.
Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience.
There can be no greater error than to expect, or calculate, upon real favors from nation to nation. It is an illusion which experience must cure, which a just pride ought to discard.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in the experience.
And so you touch this limit, something happens and you suddenly can go a little bit further. With your mind power, your determination, your instinct, and the experience as well, you can fly very high.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
Is there anyone so wise as to learn by the experience of others?
Our DNA is as a consumer company - for that individual customer who's voting thumbs up or thumbs down. That's who we think about. And we think that our job is to take responsibility for the complete user experience. And if it's not up to par, it's our fault, plain and simply.
Sleep - the most beautiful experience in life - except drink.
The joy of life consists in the exercise of one's energies, continual growth, constant change, the enjoyment of every new experience. To stop means simply to die. The eternal mistake of mankind is to set up an attainable ideal.
I have found little that is 'good' about human beings on the whole. In my experience most of them are trash, no matter whether they publicly subscribe to this or that ethical doctrine or to none at all. That is something that you cannot say aloud, or perhaps even think.
I don't think I've ever worked so hard on something, but working on Macintosh was the neatest experience of my life. Almost everyone who worked on it will say that. None of us wanted to release it at the end. It was as though we knew that once it was out of our hands, it wouldn't be ours anymore.
Take control of your consistent emotions and begin to consciously and deliberately reshape your daily experience of life.
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.
One of the greatest moments in anybody's developing experience is when he no longer tries to hide from himself but determines to get acquainted with himself as he really is.
You learn from a conglomeration of the incredible past - whatever experience gotten in any way whatsoever.
Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world.
The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability.
You have people come into your life shockingly and surprisingly. You have losses that you never thought you'd experience. You have rejection and you have learn how to deal with that and how to get up the next day and go on with it.
I'd rather have a lot of talent and a little experience than a lot of experience and a little talent.
All growth is a leap in the dark, a spontaneous unpremeditated act without benefit of experience.
The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance - the idea that anything is possible.
DOS is ugly and interferes with users' experience.
Freedom. Freedom of religion. Freedom to speak their mind. Freedom to build a life. And yes, freedom to build a business. With their own hands. This is the essence of the American experience.
Lying in bed would be an altogether perfect and supreme experience if only one had a colored pencil long enough to draw on the ceiling.
Death is not an event in life: we do not live to experience death. If we take eternity to mean not infinite temporal duration but timelessness, then eternal life belongs to those who live in the present.
It's an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. That's always been a tug of war for me.
It's good to experience Hollywood in short bursts, I guess. Little snippets. I don't think I can handle being here all the time, it's pretty nutty.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
The historical experience of socialist countries has sadly demonstrated that collectivism does not do away with alienation but rather increases it, adding to it a lack of basic necessities and economic inefficiency.
Love is an emotion that is based on an opinion of women that is impossible for those who have had any experience with them.
Women always excel men in that sort of wisdom which comes from experience. To be a woman is in itself a terrible experience.
Ages of experience have taught humanity that the commitment of a husband and wife to love and to serve one another promotes the welfare of children and the stability of society.
Surely all art is the result of one's having been in danger, of having gone through an experience all the way to the end, where no one can go any further.
Every experience is a paradox in that it means to be absolute, and yet is relative in that it somehow always goes beyond itself and yet never escapes itself.
If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.
Although nature commences with reason and ends in experience it is necessary for us to do the opposite, that is to commence with experience and from this to proceed to investigate the reason.
I know it's an experience that I need to have if God's putting me through it.
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first the cash will come later.
If merely 'feeling good' could decide, drunkenness would be the supremely valid human experience.
You are not a human being in search of a spiritual experience. You are a spiritual being immersed in a human experience.
How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god.
If you want to run, run a mile. If you want to experience a different life, run a marathon.
Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali.
Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education in the elder, a part of experience.
The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
Anybody who has gone through a life-changing experience will tell you there is a different understanding of what is real and what is important, and when you are going through different moments, you can reflect and go, 'I have been through worse.'
The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power.
My experience of the world is that things left to themselves don't get right.
But if somebody dies, if something happens to you, there is a normal process of depression, it is part of being human, and some people view it as a learning experience etc.
Optimism with some experience behind it is much more energizing than plain old experience with a certain degree of cynicism.
But my experience is that people who have been through painful, difficult times are filled with compassion.
Refusal to believe until proof is given is a rational position denial of all outside of our own limited experience is absurd.
There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.
All partisan movements add to the fullness of our understanding of society as a whole. They never detract or, in any case, one must not allow them to do so. Experience adds to experience.
Many of the insights of the saint stem from their experience as sinners.
As a medical doctor, it is my duty to evaluate the situation with as much data as I can gather and as much expertise as I have and as much experience as I have to determine whether or not the wish of the patient is medically justified.
Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement.
Experience seems to most of us to lead to conclusions, but empiricism has sworn never to draw them.
The word experience is like a shrapnel shell, and bursts into a thousand meanings.
Parents lend children their experience and a vicarious memory children endow their parents with a vicarious immortality.
Because our entire universe is made up of consciousness, we never really experience the universe directly we just experience our consciousness of the universe, our perception of it, so right, our only universe is perception.
Masterpieces are not single and solitary births they are the outcome of many years of thinking in common, of thinking by the body of the people, so that the experience of the mass is behind the single voice.
It takes someone with a vision of the possibilities to attain new levels of experience. Someone with the courage to live his dreams.
Memory is not an instrument for exploring the past but its theatre. It is the medium of past experience, as the ground is the medium in which dead cities lie interred.
Throughout my whole life, as a performer, I've never played with a band. I've always played alone, so I was never required to stay in rhythm or anything. So it was a real different experience for me to start playing with a band. There were so many basic things for me to learn.
Experience is never limited, and it is never complete it is an immense sensibility, a kind of huge spider-web of the finest silken threads suspended in the chamber of consciousness, and catching every air-borne particle in its tissue.
All the suffering and joy we experience depend on conditions.
Simplicity is the most difficult thing to secure in this world it is the last limit of experience and the last effort of genius.
Historically, musicians know what it is like to be outside the norm - walking the high wire without a safety net. Our experience is not so different from those who march to the beat of different drummers.
But although all our knowledge begins with experience, it does not follow that it arises from experience.
It is possible to experience an awakening in this life through realising just how precious each moment, each mental process, and each breath truly is.
What an artist is trying to do for people is bring them closer to something, because of course art is about sharing. You wouldn't be an artist unless you wanted to share an experience, a thought.
You lose your individuality a huge amount when you have no money, and I certainly had that experience.
At times I experience hardship in trying to find the proper point of balance between traditional things and my own personality.
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.
That peace which is within us, we must experience it. And if we are searching for peace outside we will never find the peace within.
Experience is the best teacher of all. And for that, there are no guarantees that one will become an artist. Only the journey matters.
I'm afraid, based on my own experience, that fascism will come to America in the name of national security.
The new spirituality is that it will produce an experience in human encounters in which we become a living demonstration of the basic spiritual teaching 'We are all one.'
There are some hurts that we experience that can be forgiven but we won't forget them.
No place epitomizes the American experience and the American spirit more than New York City.
To 'choose' dogma and faith over doubt and experience is to throw out the ripening vintage and to reach greedily for the Kool-Aid.
Most men are very attached to the idea of being male, and usually experience a lot of fear and insecurity around the idea of being a man. Most women are very identified with their gender, and also experience a tremendous amount of fear and insecurity.
You don't know what unconditional love is. You may say you do, but if you don't have a child, you don't know what that is. But when you experience it, it is the most fulfilling ever.
I maybe had a first love and had my heart broken, but reflecting on it, I don't think that was love. I think as I'm getting older and having more in-depth relationships, maybe I'll experience it. At the moment, I don't know, exactly, if I've been in love.
The traveler was active he went strenuously in search of people, of adventure, of experience. The tourist is passive he expects interesting things to happen to him. He goes 'sight-seeing.'
Yes, I've been trepanned. That's quite an interesting experience, especially for my brain surgeon, who saw my thoughts flying around in my brain.
God is only a great imaginative experience.
Myth is an attempt to narrate a whole human experience, of which the purpose is too deep, going too deep in the blood and soul, for mental explanation or description.
No man was ever so completely skilled in the conduct of life, as not to receive new information from age and experience.
There is no more lively sensation than that of pain its impressions are certain and dependable, they never deceive as may those of the pleasure women perpetually feign and almost never experience.
Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art.
The dictum that truth always triumphs over persecution is one of the pleasant falsehoods which men repeat after one another till they pass into commonplaces, but which all experience refutes.
If you want plenty of experience in dealing with difficult people, then have kids.
I had some experience in dealing with people who have mental illness and depression, but I didn't see the signs in myself. I couldn't ask for help because I didn't know I needed help.
I write out of my intellectual experience.
It would be my guess that Madonna is not a very happy woman. From my own experience, having gone through persona changes like that, that kind of clawing need to be the center of attention is not a pleasant place to be.
The great living experience for every man is his adventure into the woman. The man embraces in the woman all that is not himself, and from that one resultant, from that embrace, comes every new action.
High school is such a shared experience in North American culture.
Imagine a judicial nominee said 'my experience as a white man makes me better than a Latina woman.' Wouldn't they have to withdraw? New racism is no better than old racism.
The experience of life consists of the experience which the spirit has of itself in matter and as matter, in mind and as mind, in emotion, as emotion, etc.
But it's a journey and the sad thing is you only learn from experience, so as much as someone can tell you things, you have to go out there and make your own mistakes in order to learn.
Of two pleasures, if there be one which all or almost all who have experience of both give a decided preference, irrespective of any feeling of moral obligation to prefer it, that is the more desirable pleasure.
My friends, whoever has had experience of evils knows how whenever a flood of ills comes upon mortals, a man fears everything but whenever a divine force cheers on our voyage, then we believe that the same fate will always blow fair.
I think I'm basically the same guy I always was. Maybe I've learned, through experience, to rein in some of the anger and temper they say redheads normally have.
Such happiness as life is capable of comes from the full participation of all our powers in the endeavor to wrest from each changing situations of experience its own full and unique meaning.
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.
I never intended for the Monster Ball to be a religious experience, it just became one.
I'm not one aspect of the human experience - none of us is.
Common sense is the measure of the possible it is composed of experience and prevision it is calculation applied to life.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
Experience teaches us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the government's purposes are beneficent.
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages is preserved into perpetuity by a nation's proverbs, fables, folk sayings and quotations.
Talking with you is sort of the conversational equivalent of an out of body experience.
If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful.
A little reflection will show us that every belief, even the simplest and most fundamental, goes beyond experience when regarded as a guide to our actions.
This has been a learning experience for me. I also thought that privacy was something we were granted in the Constitution. I have learned from this when in fact the word privacy does not appear in the Constitution.
I sought my father in the world of the black musician, because it contained wisdom, experience, sadness and loneliness. I was not ever interested in the music of boys. From my youngest years, I was interested in the music of men.
The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate.
The experience of democracy is like the experience of life itself-always changing, infinite in its variety, sometimes turbulent and all the more valuable for having been tested by adversity.
I got to experience soccer at the highest level at a young age I decided I wanted to be part of that for as long as possible.
There is science, logic, reason there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California.
The key to education is the experience of beauty.
The greatest gift is a passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind. It is a moral illumination.
Experience is like a comb that life gives you when you are bald.
Sure, I suffered a lot. But it's not like the end of the world and it's not who I am. I lead quite a pleasant life and I'm able to divorce a perceived reality from my actual experience of life.
I've never felt like I was in the cookie business. I've always been in a feel good feeling business. My job is to sell joy. My job is to sell happiness. My job is to sell an experience.
Not to transmit an experience is to betray it.
Normally, I love to go to the movies and when I see a character portrayed by different actors at different ages, it kind of pops a little bit for me. It brings me out of the movie experience. Now we have the technology to cure that.
I just hope that theaters remain. I think there's something very wonderful about getting into a dark room with a bunch of people. There's something cool about that. Brings us all together in one room where we can experience all those emotions.
Piano playing is a dying art. I love the fact that I can be one guy with one instrument evoking an emotional and musical experience.
Life is the only real counselor wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.
Working with big actors and realising that they were just normal people who've got an incredible talent was just a great experience.
Creativity comes from looking for the unexpected and stepping outside your own experience.
It has been my experience that if we make the effort to listen to people when we meet them, and work to get to know them a little, it is then easy to find something likeable in practically anyone.
The great book for you is the book that has the most to say to you at the moment when you are reading. I do not mean the book that is most instructive, but the book that feeds your spirit. And that depends on your age, your experience, your psychological and spiritual need.
Parents of recovered children, and I've met hundreds, all share the same experience of doubters and deniers telling us our child must have never even had autism or that the recovery was simply nature's course. We all know better, and frankly we're too busy helping other parents to really care.
Literature transmits incontrovertible condensed experience... from generation to generation. In this way literature becomes the living memory of a nation.
I don't care how smart a kid you are. The only way you learn what's not right is from experience.
I find, by experience, that the mind and the body are more than married, for they are most intimately united and when one suffers, the other sympathizes.
Motherhood has completely changed me. It's just about like the most completely humbling experience that I've ever had. I think that it puts you in your place because it really forces you to address the issues that you claim to believe in and if you can't stand up to those principles when you're raising a child, forget it.
There should be a sympathy with freedom, a desire to give it scope, founded not upon visionary ideas, but upon the long experience of many generations within the shores of this happy isle, that in freedom you lay the firmest foundations both of loyalty and order.
Poets are the only people to whom love is not only a crucial, but an indispensable experience, which entitles them to mistake it for a universal one.
In George Bush you get experience, and with me you get - The Future!
In those days a concert was a personal experience. I wanted to be as close as possible to the audience, and of course big stadiums didn't enable you to do that. It wasn't my style.
Any film, or to me any creative endeavour, no matter who you're working with, is, in many cases, a wonderful experience.
Very often I've known people who wouldn't say a word to each other, but they'd go to see movies together and experience life that way.
Working with HBO was an opportunity to experience creative freedom and 'long-form development' that filmmakers didn't have a chance to do before the emergence of shows like 'The Sopranos.'
Women love working together. That's my experience anyway.
The amount of meetings I've been in - people would be shocked. But that's how you gain experience, how you can gain knowledge, being in meetings and participating. You learn and grow.
Surfing soothes me, it's always been a kind of Zen experience for me. The ocean is so magnificent, peaceful, and awesome. The rest of the world disappears for me when I'm on a wave.
Sometimes you recognize that there is a category of human experience that has not been identified but everyone knows about it. That is when I find a term to describe it.
But inner experience is only one source of human knowledge.
Our wisdom comes from our experience, and our experience comes from our foolishness.
We can not continue to allow this over reliance on government to replace the cornerstone institution that has made the American experience possible.
There are pros and cons of experience. A con is that you can't look at the business with a fresh pair of eyes and as objectively as if you were a new CEO. Fire yourself on a Friday night and come in on Monday morning as if a search firm put you there as a turn-around leader. Can you be objective and make the bold change?
It is very easy to make clear what you want a film to say, but I did not wish to engage in overt propaganda, even for the right cause. I wanted to create an experience through the films, something where people could have the freedom of their own response to them.
I would love to work in America. I wouldn't love to live there, but I'd love to experience working there.
I had one relative who passed away but fortunately none others. So my sort of experience of it is quite limited, thankfully.
I have such happy memories of performing in a choir and I don't think I'd have got where I am today without all that experience. So my advice to young singers is to either join your school or church's choir or find one in your local area. Choral music at any level teaches you so much about musicianship and blending your voice.
As the leader of twelve apostles, even Jesus had more executive experience than Obama.
Values are principles and ideas that bring meaning to the seemingly mundane experience of life. A meaningful life that ultimately brings happiness and pride requires you to respond to temptations as well as challenges with honor, dignity, and courage.
If we didn't want to upset anyone, we would make films about sewing, but even that could be dangerous. But I think finally, in a film, it is how the balance is and the feelings are. But I think there has to be those contrasts and strong things within a film for the total experience.
All I know is that history repeats itself and people are going to want to experience the world. But I know then they are going to have a better appreciation for what is here in Maine.
The simple act of saying 'thank you' is a demonstration of gratitude in response to an experience that was meaningful to a customer or citizen.
I was so emotional. Choked up. I could hardly talk all day. I'll be cleaning out my trailer and saying goodbye soon, realizing what a wonderful experience this has been.
Experience has taught me how important it is to just keep going, focusing on running fast and relaxed. Eventually it passes and the flow returns. It's part of racing.
People of art should never get married and have children, because it's a selfish experience.
If you will call your troubles experiences, and remember that every experience develops some latent force within you, you will grow vigorous and happy, however adverse your circumstances may seem to be.
You are about to have your first experience with a Greek lunch. I will kill you if you pretend to like it.
Before people complain of the obscurity of modern poetry, they should first examine their consciences and ask themselves with how many people and on how many occasions they have genuinely and profoundly shared some experience with another.
The character and history of each child may be a new and poetic experience to the parent, if he will let it.
I grew up like a neglected weed - ignorant of liberty, having no experience of it.
I would wish for any one of my colleagues to have the experience of working with Martin Scorsese once in their lifetime.
It's my experience that you really can't lose when you try the truth.
How do people relate to movies now, when they're on portable devices or streaming them? It's not as much about going to the movies. That experience has changed.
Going to a party, for me, is as much a learning experience as, you know, sitting in a lecture.
In our society, daily experience teaches the individual to want and need a never-ending supply of new toys and drugs.
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience.
If someone is making a judgment when they don't have firsthand experience, it's intolerant. How can you make a judgment on something you don't know about?
What is sure is that technological change is accelerating in all directions and, like children playing in a fountain, consumers are reveling in the experience.
Corporate America cannot afford to remain silent or passive about the downward spiral we are undergoing. It cannot turn a blind eye to how difficult the experience of life is for so many of their customers.
Ultimately, it's possible that social media platforms will be designed as templates that the users themselves customize in terms of the best way to express their community and experience of life, and brands will have to simply follow suit.
How much do you as a consumer value a positive experience with a brand or its customer service department? How willing are you to share that with your friends? How inclined are you to let that person know that you're interaction with them was positive?
Never, for the sake of peace and quiet, deny your own experience or convictions.
I've learned through experience that life is never that bad. The secret is just paying attention to how you feel and not letting anyone else dictate what in your heart you know is right.
Ends and purposes, whether they exist as conscious or subconscious tendencies, form the wrap and woof of our conscious experience.
The immediacy of mystic experience simply means that we know God just as we know other objects. God is not a mathematical entity or a system of concepts mutually related to one another and having no reference to experience.
I go by instinct - I don't worry about experience.
In my experience lust only ever leads to misery. All that suspicion and jealousy and anguish it unleashes. I don't want those things in my life.
Every experience makes you a man.
I've been playing against older and stronger competition my whole life. It has made me a better tennis player and able to play against this kind of level despite their strength and experience.
It took me years to understand that words are often as important as experience, because words make experience last.
Observation more than books and experience more than persons, are the prime educators.
The more you are getting older, you lose a little something. Of course there is another advantage, because of your long experience you can use it.
Reasoning draws a conclusion, but does not make the conclusion certain, unless the mind discovers it by the path of experience.
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long experience.
Both expectations and memories are more than mere images founded on previous experience.
We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains.
That's not to say that women's priorities are better than men's. Rather, when women are empowered, when they can speak from the experience of their own lives, they often address different, previously neglected issues. And families and whole communities benefit.
Mississippi Mermaid was a very special experience because we only had the dialogues for the scenes we were shooting the night before.
I loved the material when I first read it, and the experience of making the film was a great one. So when we came around to complete the trilogy, I just signed on board without even reading the scripts because the experience of the first film was so good.
I mean, if you didn't get it or if you didn't feel like you enjoyed it, sometimes that experience can change.
You may never learn the names of any of the people you talk to in a dog park, even after many, many hours spent there with them, and many hours of conversation. But if - knock on wood - anything should ever happen to your dog, these nameless non-strangers will rally, sympathize, offer to help, and hold your hand. I know this from experience.
Living in a rural setting exposes you to so many marvelous things - the natural world and the particular texture of small-town life, and the exhilarating experience of open space.
Parents, it seems, have an almost Olympian persistence when it comes to suggesting more secure and lucrative lines of work for their children who have the notion that writing is an actual profession. I say this from experience.
Buying a car used to be an experience so soul-scorching, so confidence-splattering, so existentially rattling that an entire car company was based on the promise that you wouldn't have to come in contact with it.
Sometimes I get so bold and I'm so confident about what I'm doing that I actually try to be more of a dork because it's a really liberating feeling to experience what it's like to not care.
We experience problem-solving sessions as war zones, we view competing ideas as enemies, and we use problems as weapons to blame and defeat opposition forces. No wonder we can't come up with real lasting solutions!
I think each movie-making process is a very exhausting and satisfying and fulfilling experience for me.
I'm not a romantic. In life I didn't have much experience with romance.
So when you do your family tree and Margaret Cho does hers, and... Wanda Sykes and John Legend... we're adding to the database that scholars can then draw from to generalize about the complexity of the American experience. And that's the contribution that family trees make to broader scholarship.
I can only speak from my own personal experience, being behind the camera and in front of it, but every magazine cover you see is completely airbrushed.
To most men experience is like the stern lights of a ship, which illuminate only the track it has passed.
Bad experience is a school that only fools keep going to.
Breathe-in experience, breathe-out poetry.
Another way of judging the value of a prophet's religious experience, therefore, would be to examine the type of manhood that he has created, and the cultural world that has sprung out of the spirit of his message.
The possibility of a scientific treatment of history means a wider experience, a greater maturity of practical reason, and finally a fuller realization of certain basic ideas regarding the nature of life and time.
It's more fun to experience things when you don't know what's going to happen.
Can advertising foist an inferior product on the consumer? Bitter experience has taught me that it cannot. On those rare occasions when I have advertised products which consumer tests have found inferior to other products in the same field, the results have been disastrous.
In my experience, it is rarer to find a really happy person in a circle of millionaires than among vagabonds.
Sometimes when we weep in the movies we weep for ourselves or for a life unlived. Or we even go to the movies because we want to resist the emotion that's there in front of us. I think there is always a catharsis that I look for and that makes the movie experience worthwhile.
There are such beings as vampires, some of us have evidence that they exist. Even had we not the proof of our own unhappy experience, the teachings and the records of the past give proof enough for sane peoples.
If you sit in a position where decisions that you take would have a serious effect on people, you can't ignore a lot of experience around the world which says this drug has these negative effects.
I think any spiritual experience that's worthwhile is not about ego and it will humble you in some way. And also, a Zen monk once said to me, 'If you're not laughing, then you're not getting it.'
The position that I take partly as a result of living in Asia is where you stop living according to your expectations and you become available to experience things as they are.
Truly charismatic people, in my experience, don't come along very often.
The wonderful thing about acting is you move along with your decade. The older you get, the more interesting the parts you get to play and you bring more of your personal experience to the part.
Everyone will experience the consequences of his own acts. If his act are right, he'll get good consequences if they're not, he'll suffer for it.
Going to the theater is such a joyous experience. My dad would take my sister and me to plays when we were very young, like six or seven years old.
The soul is everlasting, and its learning experience is lifetime after lifetime.
When a child comes in, I believe that it's a 'multipersonhood,' and it knows it, its consciousness knows it, and it has a nuclei in the center of its consciousness that is the repository of all experience and all knowledge. And when you look in the eyes of your baby and you feel this sense that they are an old soul, I believe indeed they are.
Well, I think the main message is there is more to your story. There is more than what happens between the crib and the grave, and that is what I am really trying to speak to, this idea that all of life is this life and that there is nothing more than what we see and experience right here on this earth.
The biggest danger to the European Union comes not from those who advocate change, but from those who denounce new thinking as heresy. In its long history Europe has experience of heretics who turned out to have a point.
I'm not trying to be romantic. I think you can tell when people are trying to be sexy onstage. When I was doing 'All the Way,' I was really thinking about my wife. People don't know my personal experience, but they can tell it's an honest interpretation.
While teaching, I also worked undercover in the lower courts by saying I was a young law teacher wanting experience in criminal law. The judges were happy to assist me but what I learned was how corrupt the lower courts were. Judges were accepting money right in the courtroom.
I believe there's no proverb but what is true they are all so many sentences and maxims drawn from experience, the universal mother of sciences.
Loneliness is and always has been the central and inevitable experience of every man.
The deeper the experience of an absence of meaning - in other words, of absurdity - the more energetically meaning is sought.
The human face is the organic seat of beauty. It is the register of value in development, a record of Experience, whose legitimate office is to perfect the life, a legible language to those who will study it, of the majestic mistress, the soul.
You can't leave out half the world's experience and expect to address all the problems. Women communicate differently and process information differently, which leads them to resolve conflicts differently.
There's nothing wrong with acknowledging the panoply of life's rich experience.
When fish experience something that would cause other animals physical pain, they behave in ways suggestive of pain, and the change in behaviour may last several hours.
Experience is what you get while looking for something else.
I've had to come to grips with a God that fits my own experience, which is, my God could not be offering protection and not have protected my boy.
From my experience, I think that every actor has to make sure that they're in charge of their own career somehow or other.
I am the the type to have a personal experience with a celebrity, but I'm too classy to bring that up.
I've always been attracted to cars, and driving is a completely measurable experience: if you qualify last on the grid, you're the slowest, and if you qualify first on the grid, you're the fastest. So no one can say you're slow if you're fast and no one can say you're fast if you're slow.
When I look back at the tapes, your first everything, your first All-Star Game, your first playoff experience, it just seems like it went by really fast.
Judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgement.
My image had always been very heterosexual, very straight. So it was a nice experience for me, a chance to clarify my own feelings about gay and lesbian civil rights.
Whether born from experience or inherent physiological or cultural differences our gender and national origins may and will make a difference in our judging.
I very rarely came across rude or disrespectful people. I don't know how I slipped by all of them, but I honestly can't think of one experience off the top of my head that was like that. I'm sure they're there, but I'd have to think really hard to recall them.
Yet higher religion, which is only a search for a larger life, is essentially experience and recognized the necessity of experience as its foundation long before science learnt to do so.
It may, however, be said that the level of experience to which concepts are inapplicable cannot yield any knowledge of a universal character, for concepts alone are capable of being socialized.
The standpoint of the man who relies on religious experience for capturing Reality must always remain individual and incommunicable.
An enormous part of our mature experience cannot not be expressed in words.
For some young people, their first experience ever hearing punk rock music was playing the Green Bay Packers on 'Madden'.
I have a theory that the best ads come from personal experience. Some of the good ones I have done have really come out of the real experience of my life, and somehow this has come over as true and valid and persuasive.
Many spiritual teachers - in Buddhism, in Islam - have talked about first-hand experience of the world as an important part of the path to wisdom, to enlightenment.
I've been looking to do TV for a while. I've always done guest starring stuff. I've done a couple of multi-episode arcs, and I've always loved the experience.
More people should read books. It's the most concentrated experience you can have.
The first essential in writing about anything is that the writer should have no experience of the matter.
I hate it when people don't recognize the work of women as being universal, or having any import to the world at large, as opposed to men's work, which is generally tends to be seen as more universal - men's writing about their own experience tends to be put in a broader context.
You know, it shouldn't just be about women as heroic figures overcoming things, it just needs to be about women in general getting the opportunity to play a multitude of roles, telling a multitude of stories - just to express human experience from a woman's perspective. I hope, someday, we can get to that point. I'm all about representation.
There's probably no experience more alienating than fame, other than a terminal illness, where you actually find yourself in a situation that nobody around you can relate to.
One nice thing about being a woman in Hollywood is that the women tend to be very close-knit. All of us writers and directors know each other and cling to each other for safety and support, and it's really a completely different vibe than the men experience out here, where they're all trying to murder each other.
History and experience tell us that moral progress comes not in comfortable and complacent times, but out of trial and confusion.
A woman's experience is different from a man's in virtually every respect, including how she is treated by the media.
I'd like to believe an accumulation of experience has made me a sort of a grown-up person, so I can have judgment and taste and whatever.
Being an actor means asking people to look at you. I guess I accept that. But it's a profession in which the job is to show another world and other people. You may access it through bits of yourself, and your imagination and experience, but actually, in the end, you're not playing yourself.
I developed a mechanism so that whatever mistakes I made, I would bounce straight back. Whatever was happening off the pitch, I could put it to one side and maintain my form. Call it mental resilience or a strong mind, but that is what we mean when we talk about experience in a football team.
What if Barack Obama established a Presidential Advisory Committee that would meet once every couple of months, bringing together the former presidents for a conference in order to seek their collective wisdom? There is a wealth of experience in former presidents that generally goes untapped.
Experience is what enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
A great many people experience the movement from one century to the next, but a minuscule number of people experience the movement from one millennium to the next.
I need more raw experience. I've read and watched a lot of things, but I haven't done a lot of things.
An illness is like a journey into a far country it sifts all one's experience and removes it to a point so remote that it appears like a vision.
Progress is measured by richness and intensity of experience - by a wider and deeper apprehension of the significance and scope of human existence.
I think how pay gets determined is pretty broad - experience, how people look, what they bring to the job. But there's no question women are paid less. Women don't ask.
Something happens to us all when we experience something as a unit that doesn't occur when we're on our couches or holding our little portable DVD players.
What we have to get clear to kids is that when you offer your stillness and open yourself to the experience of music, it pays you back more than you give.
The things I was allowed to experience, the people I was able to call friends, teammates, mentors, coaches and opponents, the travel, all of it, are far more than anything I ever thought possible in my lifetime.
It is an axiom, enforced by all the experience of the ages, that they who rule industrially will rule politically.
And it was a great experience, you know, to travel the world and compete at a certain level. It teaches you discipline, focus, and certainly keeps you out of trouble.
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.
When I was young, I was just about hard work. But as I got older, I did experience anxiety, doubt, judgment, and it's so easy to lose yourself for a second.
The nature of the global business environment guarantees that no matter how hard we work to create a stable and healthy organisation, our organisation will continue to experience dramatic changes far beyond our control.
What is the good of drawing conclusions from experience? I don't deny we sometimes draw the right conclusions, but don't we just as often draw the wrong ones?
Without in any way minimising the economic and psychological blow that people experience when they lose their jobs, the unemployed in affluent countries still have a safety net, in the form of social security payments, and usually free healthcare and free education for their children. They also have sanitation and safe drinking water.
Anyone who teaches knows that you don't really experience a text until you've taught it, in loving detail, with an intelligent and responsive class.
Men do weird things when they experience fear. It's like a fight-or-flight thing.
In high school, I was on the youth advisory council for the Mayor's Office of Los Angeles, and that was kind of my first experience in the bureaucratic system. We tried to get things done, and nobody was really interested in getting anything done.
If your faith is opposed to experience, to human learning and investigation, it is not worth the breath used in giving it expression.
The most important American addition to the World Experience was the simple surprising fact of America. We have helped prepare mankind for all its later surprises.
All observers not laboring under hallucinations of the senses are agreed, or can be made to agree, about facts of sensible experience, through evidence toward which the intellect is merely passive, and over which the individual will and character have no control.
Our science fails to recognize those special properties of life that make it fundamental to material reality. This view of the world - biocentrism - revolves around the way a subjective experience, which we call consciousness, relates to a physical process. It is a vast mystery and one that I have pursued my entire life.
Our thoughts have an order, not of themselves, but because the mind generates the spatio-temporal relationships involved in every experience.
Politics is the only field in which the more experience you have, the worse you get.
You don't cheat anybody out of their experience, whatever it is.
Each of us brings to our job, whatever it is, our lifetime of experience and our values.
You have to see a building to comprehend it. Photographs cannot convey the experience, nor film.
Without fullness of experience, length of days is nothing. When fullness of life has been achieved, shortness of days is nothing. That is perhaps why the young have usually so little fear of death they live by intensities that the elderly have forgotten.
I prefer to think of the audience as a single living organism with which I am sharing a singular, never-to-be-repeated experience.
I think in most jobs, you get better as you get older. You gain experience, you gain knowledge.
Not what we experience, but how we perceive what we experience, determines our fate.
Art is the imposing of a pattern on experience, and our aesthetic enjoyment is recognition of the pattern.
Being a biological mother just isn't part of my experience this time around. However, I am a mother who continues to give birth to ideas and ways of experiencing life that challenge the norm.
There's a positive side to film and television, the sense of feeding into the theater... Your fans will follow you, hopefully, and be open-minded to see you play other things and experience other stories you want to tell.
The problem was to sustain at any cost the feeling you had in the theater that you were watching a real person, yes, but an intense condensation of his experience, not simply a realistic series of episodes.
Have you noticed in your past experience that your kind interpretations were almost always truer than you harsh one?
Given that religious faith is an intrinsic element of human experience, it is best to approach and engage the subject with a sense of history and a critical sensibility.
I can't control what people think. I'm not trying to manipulate people's thoughts or sentiments. I write all the time. You have to experience life, make observations, and ask questions. It's machine-like how things are run now in hip-hop, and my ambitions are different.
If you're writing, you're starting in private. It can really be this amazing, private, freeing experience. Forget that it's for other people - that comes in later.
Everybody's entitled to think whatever they want and to express that, but my personal day-to-day experience does not come into contact with any of those people.
Words are capable of making experience more vivid, and also of organizing it. They can scare us, and they can comfort us.
So that ends my first experience of matrimony, which I always thought a highly over-rated performance.
With 'Good Will Hunting,' Miramax made certain the recruited audience wasn't expecting to laugh at Robin Williams like they normally do. From my limited experience, you can really blow test screenings by conducting them in the wrong way.
There can be no knowledge without emotion. We may be aware of a truth, yet until we have felt its force, it is not ours. To the cognition of the brain must be added the experience of the soul.
I have never found, in a long experience of politics, that criticism is ever inhibited by ignorance.
In long experience I find that a man who trusts nobody is apt to be the kind of man nobody trusts.
I had a lot of experience with people smarter than I am.
Disease is an experience of a so-called mortal mind. It is fear made manifest on the body.
Education is when you read the fine print experience is what you get when you don't.
I just think that the collective experience of going to see a film is something you can't recreate.
There's a vintage which comes with age and experience.
I discovered early on that some performers live their life in order to act, so all their relationships are simply an experience that they can feed back into their work. Which I find vampiric.
At every step the child should be allowed to meet the real experience of life the thorns should never be plucked from his roses.
There is no wider gulf in the universe than yawns between those on the hither and thither side of vital experience.
I do write a lot from personal experience, but I also embellish a bit.
And we're seeing a higher level of consciousness and many more opportunities for people to challenge their present ways of thinking and move into a grander and larger experience of who they really are.
If we're picking people to draw out of their own conscience and experience a 'new' Constitution, we should not look principally for good lawyers. We should look to people who agree with us. When we are in that mode, you realize we have rendered the Constitution useless.
It lies in human nature that where you experience your first laughs, you also remember the age kindly.
The experience of being in space didn't change my perspective of myself or of the planet or of life. I had no spiritual experience.
You know, young actors say all the time, 'Should I use my own life experience?' And my response is, 'What choice do you have?'
Find what's hot, find what's just opened and then look for the worst review of the week. There is so much to learn from watching a restaurant getting absolutely panned and having a bad experience. Go and see it for yourself.
If you've got a piece and you can feel the person who's going to direct it is really made for it, if it's really special for them, then it's going to be a better-than-usual experience.
In my books, I never portray violence as a reasonable solution to a problem. If the lead characters in the story are driven to it, it's at the extreme end of their experience.
Music is subjective to everyone's unique experience.
The aim of all commentary on art now should be to make works of art - and, by analogy, our own experience - more, rather than less, real to us. The function of criticism should be to show how it is what it is, even that it is what it is, rather than to show what it means.
The experience and behavior that gets labeled schizophrenic is a special strategy that a person invents in order to live in an unlivable situation.
Some writers can only deal with childhood experience, because it's complete. For another kind of writer, life goes on, and he's able to keep processing that as well.
There are people hell-bent on the idea that we're a Christian band in disguise, and that we have some secret message. We have no spiritual affiliation with this music. It's simply about life experience.
If a movie is really working, you forget for two hours your Social Security number and where your car is parked. You are having a vicarious experience. You are identifying, in one way or another, with the people on the screen.
Love is blind. My politics has been, too. I think you can fall in love with ideas, and you can fall in love with people. It's a very subjective experience. And I'm loyal to that experience.
Experience isn't interesting until it begins to repeat itself. In fact, till it does that, it hardly is experience.
I always thought that one of the reasons why a painter likes especially to have other painters look at his or her work is the shared experience of having pushed paint around.
Joy, rather than happiness, is the goal of life, for joy is the emotion which accompanies our fulfilling our natures as human beings. It is based on the experience of one's identity as a being of worth and dignity.
Where you are in consciousness has everything to do with what you see in experience.
Obviously an actor draws on his own experience.
I really do love Diana Ross I grew up listening to her records. I grew up in a little town in Mexico, so while we got the music, we never got the experience of watching her.
To be in a situation where you have no rights whatsoever is something I wish everybody could experience. People's attitudes would change. It would be a better place.
I always try to keep the circumstances in my life fresh. I like to change the physical environment I live in, change the people around me and try to experience things for the first time. I think that keeps one on their toes, creatively and spiritually.
The science of politics is the one science that is deposited by the streams of history, like the grains of gold in the sand of a river and the knowledge of the past, the record of truths revealed by experience, is eminently practical, as an instrument of action and a power that goes to making the future.
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
Producing is just a big learning experience.
Experience taught me that working families are often just one pay check away from economic disaster. And it showed me first-hand the importance of every family having access to good health care.
Existence itself does not feel horrible it feels like an ecstasy, rather, which we have only to be still to experience.
But constant experience shows us that every man invested with power is apt to abuse it, and to carry his authority as far as it will go.
Advertising is the edge of what people know how to do and of human experience and it explains the latest ways progress has changed us to ourselves.
I think everyone's experience with a terminal disease is so deeply personal and unique to the person, the context in which they're living and the relationships that they have.
My experience is that's rare - that you have a script that is... what they call 'film-ready.'
There is only one thing which can master the perplexed stuff of epic material into unity and that is, an ability to see in particular human experience some significant symbolism of man's general destiny.
The monsters of our childhood do not fade away, neither are they ever wholly monstrous. But neither, in my experience, do we ever reach a plane of detachment regarding our parents, however wise and old we may become. To pretend otherwise is to cheat.
A spy, like a writer, lives outside the mainstream population. He steals his experience through bribes and reconstructs it.
Mysteriously and in ways that are totally remote from natural experience, the gray drizzle of horror induced by depression takes on the quality of physical pain.
The sole substitute for an experience which we have not ourselves lived through is art and literature.
I'd done table reads for my own screenplays, and I always thought they were so much fun. Why couldn't we do these for other classic screenplays and bring them to life? You can experience live theater, where you get to see plays produced by different directors and different casts, but there's really nothing like that for movie scripts.
We see our customers as invited guests to a party, and we are the hosts. It's our job every day to make every important aspect of the customer experience a little bit better.
The crucial question one comes back to is the examination without that experience is meaningless. And I think it's true that society is becoming more and more passive, less and less fired up with enthusiasm, in many spheres.
Life it is not just a series of calculations and a sum total of statistics, it's about experience, it's about participation, it is something more complex and more interesting than what is obvious.
Artists need some kind of stimulating experience a lot of times, which crystallizes when you sing about it or paint it or sculpt it. You literally mold the experience the way you want. It's therapy.
Sometimes I think our problems are made worse by the kind of business we're in. Playing these road shows is a weird experience.
Prudence is but experience, which equal time, equally bestows on all men, in those things they equally apply themselves unto.
Many women my age have known the experience of giving up crucial parts of themselves to please the man they love.
I want people to think of me as a nice person. I really am so blessed. All of this has been a great experience and I thank the American public so much for putting me in this position. I appreciate every second of it.
Men and women who have served in harm's way experience higher rates of divorce and suicide. Many battle the debilitating effects and stigma associated with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.
No matter how close to personal experience a story might be, inevitably you are going to get to a part that isn't yours and, actually, whether it happened or not becomes irrelevant. It is all about choosing the right words.
The bullied straight kid goes home to a shoulder to cry on and support and can talk freely about his experience at school and why he's being bullied. I couldn't go home and open up to my parents.
When you go to the movies with your whole family, it's a different experience. For some reason, it's something that you're all doing together and you take away something special in that.
Making an album should be an honest experience. It shouldn't be about trying to gauge where popular music is today it should be about artistic expression and putting down what you want to put down.
My life path has been a blessing and a great learning experience. Skateboarding is my passion and I don't see that changing. When I'm not skating, I love to surf. I'm open to the new experiences and opportunities.
However it is debased or misinterpreted, love is a redemptive feature. To focus on one individual so that their desires become superior to yours is a very cleansing experience.
All of the legal defense funds out there, they're looking for people out there with court of appeals experience, because court of appeals is where policy is made. And I know, I know this is on tape and I should never say that because we don't make law, I know. I know.
Fun is to experience things you would not have been able to experience in any other setting.
I have this horrible sense of humor where I think discomfort is funny - partly because I experience discomfort a lot, and it's a way of laughing at it and getting a release.
I was emotionally and physically punched in the stomach. This is not a place where you go and deliver the lines and then you come back. It's kind of a life-changing experience. But it can't get better than this for any actor - this is like an opera.
No characters in 'Stay Close,' including the leads, are black and white. I want them to be grey. I think that makes for a much more interesting reading experience, something that will stay with you a little bit longer.
Fatigue is what we experience, but it is what a match is to an atomic bomb.
I have relationships with people I'm working with, based on our combined interest. It doesn't make the relationship any less sincere, but it does give it a focus that may not last beyond the experience.
If we could only snap the fetters of the body that bind the feet of the soul, we shall experience a great joy. Then we shall not be miserable because of the body's sufferings. We shall become free.
You have to experience life, make observations, and ask questions.
Everybody's got one killer story. It doesn't take talent to tell that story, it just takes experience.
Any place that anyone can learn something useful from someone with experience is an educational institution.
We need creativity in order to break free from the temporary structures that have been set up by a particular sequence of experience.
A great deal has been written in recent years about the purported lack of motivation in the children of the Negro ghettos. Little in my experience supports this, yet the phrase has been repeated endlessly, and the blame in almost all cases is placed somewhere outside the classroom.
Though 'Fire and Rain' is very personal, for other people it resonates as a sort of commonly held experience... And that's what happens with me. I write things for personal reasons, and then in some cases it... can be a shared experience.
I know there are people who don't like their audience or like the experience of being recognized or celebrated, but my audience has been very good - they don't bother me and when they do contact me it's usually on the nicest possible terms.
Performing is a profound experience, at least for me. It's not as if I sit down and play 'Fire and Rain' by myself, just to hear it again. But to offer it up... the energy that it somehow summons live takes me right back, and I do get a reconnection to the emotions.
Performing is a profound experience, at least for me.
I've told people who have just started to make a film that the one thing you might experience is this feeling that everybody is conspiring against you, because you're not necessarily able to tell what's real and what's not.
The American experience influenced my understanding of individuality, basic human rights, freedom of expression and the rights and responsibilities of citizens.
My own experience is that a certain kind of genius among students is best brought out in bed.
To the artist is sometimes granted a sudden, transient insight which serves in this matter for experience. A flash, and where previously the brain held a dead fact, the soul grasps a living truth! At moments we are all artists.
Anything that's different from your own realm of experience as a human being, whether it's driving a car or a boat, or using guns, anything that separates you from yourself and leads you more towards this character's existence is a big help.
I remember when I took Quentin Tarantino with me to a very private screening of the documentary 'Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired,' which shows some of the legal irregularities of his case. I was involved by the film, and it was an amazing experience to see people weep at the end of it.
What is truth? Truth doesn't really exist. Who is going to judge whether my experience of an incident is more valid than yours? No one can be trusted to be the judge of that.
America is an idea. And it's the solemn responsibility of each 'temporary' president to protect and nurture that noblest of all ideas - with integrity. This man, Mitt Romney, has shown - not through his experience, but through his actions and words - that he is unqualified to carry out that responsibility.
I absolutely believe in the power of tithing and giving back. My own experience about all the blessings I've had in my life is that the more I give away, the more that comes back. That is the way life works, and that is the way energy works.
Every day is a new experience and I take it as it comes.
Reading a book is like re-writing it for yourself. You bring to a novel, anything you read, all your experience of the world. You bring your history and you read it in your own terms.
Some of us are interested in directors, but really the vast majority of us are interested in actors. You experience the films through the actors, so they're all locked into your imagination in some kind of layer of fantasy or hatred or wherever they settle into your imagination.
I don't want people to sit there and objectively watch the film. I want them to experience it as something that's under their skin, so you try to make the films really tactile.
You experience the films through the actors, so they're all locked into your imagination in some kind of layer of fantasy or hatred or wherever they settle into your imagination.
I think it's easy for people to assume that fame is equal to glory, but it can be a very isolating experience.
Orlando's a really cool guy. They hired him for 'Lord of the Rings' out of drama school. He's very new at this still and doesn't have a lot of experience. So we were in this together and we've tried to help each other out. We felt very equal which was good.
I have three goddaughters - I'm not sure why they trust me, because I have no experience with children - but I try.
I left Jamaica for a while, because as an artist I need to experience different things, see the world, have different energies. Living in one place is not good for me.
I always considered myself as a character actor. I always try to be versatile to show different sides of human experience.
I think I can make an entirely new game experience, and if I can't do it, some other game designer will.
I don't think as a creator that I could create an experience that truly feels interactive if you don't have something to hold in your hand, if you don't have something like force feedback that you can feel from the controller.
Games have grown and developed from this limited in-the-box experience to something that's everywhere now. Interactive content is all around us, networked, ready. This is something I've been hoping for throughout my career.
The spectacles of experience through them you will see clearly a second time.
I'm a very passionate believer in the unity of knowledge. There is one world of reality - one world of our experience that we're seeking to describe.
Bottom up thinkers try to start from experience and move from experience to understanding. They don't start with certain general principles they think beforehand are likely to be true they just hope to find out what reality is like.
When I'm home on a break, I lock myself in my room and play guitar. After two or three hours, I start getting into this total meditation. It's a feeling few people experience, and that's usually when I come up with weird stuff. It just flows. I can't force myself. I don't sit down and say I've got to practice.
A lot of people fear death because they think that so overwhelming an experience has to be painful, but I've seen quite a few deaths, and, with one exception, I've never known anyone to undergo anything like agony. That's amazing when you think about it. I mean, how complicated the mechanism is that's being taken apart.
But beginners to the World Economics Forum have to understand there is no single Davos experience, and there is no single Davos community either. There are numerous tribes who interact only at a minimal level.
It's always an interesting experience for a politician to be heard in silence, I have to say.
It's a very small and select slice of all the people who have ever been born. I believe we've come back during this time, those of us who are here now, specifically to experience it. And to cause a 'quickening of the spirit.'
I wanted to experience New York, to look up and see buildings.
A rare experience of a moment at daybreak, when something in nature seems to reveal all consciousness, cannot be explained at noon. Yet it is part of the day's unity.
I think I have a tendency to look at things subjectively rather than objectively when I reflect on my experience.
Age should not have its face lifted, but it should rather teach the world to admire wrinkles as the etchings of experience and the firm line of character.
Age is only a number, a cipher for the records. A man can't retire his experience. He must use it. Experience achieves more with less energy and time.
Women artists need to break barriers in order for women's experience to be valuable.
I think generally I'm kind of interested in subjective experience, what goes on inside someone's head, that being all they really know of the world.
The wisdom and experience of older people is a resource of inestimable worth. Recognizing and treasuring the contributions of older people is essential to the long-term flourishing of any society.
A commitment to human rights cannot be fostered simply through the transmission of knowledge. Action and experience play a crucial role in the learning process.
Writing a novel is a terrible experience, during which the hair often falls out and the teeth decay.
Lord of the Rings was my first experience making movies and at the time, I had no ideas how movies were done. I thought that's the way they're done, so in a way, I had nothing to compare it to.
I'm not particularly precious about the theatrical experience any more.
A lot of why I do something is just the novelty of the experience.
Every experience feeds an actor, and I've learned that depression is all around us.
I want to be able to experience everything. I want to experience being a husband, experience being a father, experience, maybe, hopefully, someday being a grandfather, and all those things. I want that experience. When I die, I want to be exhausted.
All experience is subjective.
We have that illusion that we are 'deciding' what to make a character do, in order to 'convey our message' or something like that. But, at least in my experience, you are often more like a river-rafting guide who's been paid a bonus to purposely steer your clients into the roughest possible water.
If you haven't read you don't have the voice. The lack of voice eliminates experience.
Although our inattention can contribute to our lack of total well-being, we also have the power to choose positive behaviors and responses. In that choice we change our every experience of life!
I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin.
A statesman wants courage and a statesman wants vision but believe me, after six months' experience, he wants first, second, third and all the time - patience.
Through the years of experience I have found that air offers less resistance than dirt.
You have to trust your kids. They have to experience life, and you just hope you've provided them a foundation for what's right and what isn't.
I had great faith in Irish actors, that they'd be hip to the whole theatre thing, and they are. I had no illusions of coming over here as some kind of big shot. It's been a learning experience for me too.
You can live your whole life in your brain and not experience what's around you. You go crazy that way.
No matter how vital experience might be while you lived it, no sooner was it ended and dead than it became as lifeless as the piles of dry dust in a school history book.
Doesn't all experience crumble in the end to mere literary material?
No one ever pretended that shopping for anything is a rational experience. If it were, would there be Fluffernutter? Laceless sneakers? Porkpie hats? Would the Chia Pet even exist?
My own life has in some ways been a decades-long tour of the sibling experience. I have full sibs, I have half-sibs, and for a time I had step-sibs.
There are a lot of obstacles in the way of our understanding animal intelligence - not the least being that we can't even agree whether nonhuman species are conscious. We accept that chimps and dolphins experience awareness we like to think dogs and cats do. But what about mice and newts? What about a fly? Is anything going on there at all?
As with real reading, the ability to comprehend subtlety and complexity comes only with time and a lot of experience. If you don't adequately acquire those skills, moving out into the real world of real people can actually become quite scary.
Bringing an end to the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians may help the young Arab generation to realise their aspirations. Israel is more than willing to offer our experience in building a modern economy in spite of limited resources to the whole region.
I like directors who have worked as actors. They know the experience.
Yes, I've listened to just a few audiobooks - but hope to listen to more. I've wanted to investigate how my own books sound in this format and find the experience of listening, and not reading, quite fascinating.
There's no wrong way to experience a film.
I wouldn't say I'm a very original thinker, but if I have a good experience with something, I'll want to take it further or adapt it in some way.
For me, titles are either a natural two-second experience or stressful enough to give you an ulcer. If they don't pop out perfect on the first try, they can be really hard to repair. Or, worse, if the author thinks they pop out perfect, but the publishing house does not agree, it's difficult to shift gears. And then? Then you go insane.
Stories have always been the things that entertain me and make me feel happy and sad and move me and give me the experience of being able to live many lives in one lifetime. It's the best thing about being alive.
If you're out there stressing on your pro day, then you're not going to perform well, so I plan on having a little fun. Play a little music while we're out there throwing the football, have everybody tapping their toes and bobbing their head and just go out there and make the most of the experience.
I find increasingly that the more extreme are the things going on in your life, the more cultural reference points fail you. More mythical reference points actually help, and you realise that's what myths are for. It's for human beings to process their experience in extremis.
I think being a parent is the most challenging thing you do. That's why we're here. It's at the heart of what it is to be a human being. It's the ultimate experience because it questions everything about who you are. But it's difficult.
If one area I felt it was a tough election was I couldn't see my young son and I couldn't see my wife a lot, but apart from that for her also it was an experience.
In fact the experience at Oxford has really helped me later in life.
As an actress, it's part of your job to be able to imagine just about anything - even if it's not within your personal experience.
If you search and search and stop searching, then ultimately you'll find what you need. It is the experience of living.
Writing a story or a novel is one way of discovering sequence in experience, of stumbling upon cause and effect in the happenings of a writer's own life.
I learn from experience.
It's always good to get a smaller tournament under your belt so that by the time you get to the Slams, you have a lot of experience.
There's no experience like on-the-job training.
I started thinking about joy. Everything in our society is so purposeful. Let's bring joy back to the experience.
Yes, all my songs come from personal experience and relationships.
The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.
I think newspapers shouldn't try to compete directly with the Web, and should do what they can do better, which may be long-form journalism and using photos and art, and making connections with large-form graphics and really enhancing the tactile experience of paper.
Well, my background is journalism. I don't have any creative-writing experience except for one class I took as a sophomore in college.
Religion points to that area of human experience where in one way or another man comes upon mystery as a summons to pilgrimage.
Do I ever think Gossip will be really massive in America? No, I don't think it'll happen - and that's fine. It's kind of nice because I get to experience everything at once. I get to come home and it not be weird, like in Paris or something. It is nice to be completely anonymous.
Great art - or good art - is when you look at it, experience it and it stays in your mind. I don't think conceptual art and traditional art are all that different.
These are tough times and under this Tory-led government many people in Manchester are suffering and getting left behind. If elected I will use all my energy, skills, experience and knowledge to stand up for our communities and get things done for the better.
I guess my experience with some stuff is kind of abstract.
For me, I'd rather have an intense experience than not.
Boredom is the dream bird that hatches the egg of experience. A rustling in the leaves drives him away.
I wouldn't go up on a stage now if you paid a thousand dollars for one minute of acting. It's a nasty experience. You're up there all by yourself. You're so damn exposed.
I was never afraid of failure after that because, I think, coming that close to death you get kissed. With the years, the actual experience of course fades, but the flavor of it doesn't. I just had a real sense of what choice do I have but to live fully?
My parents had an experience of life that is as opposite to mine as you can imagine.
No matter what his position or experience in life, there is in everyone more latent than developed ability far more unused than used power.
I felt alienated by the experience and decided to stay away from corporate employment.
The printed page conveys information and commitment, and requires active involvement. Television conveys emotion and experience, and it's very limited in what it can do logically. It's an existential experience - there and then gone.
None of us feels the true love of God till we realize how wicked we are. But you can't teach people that - they have to learn by experience.
I enjoy writing but I much prefer the experience of having written.
The fact that I am a writer comes from the experience of being cut away from my roots and living in Venezuela, where I couldn't find a place for myself, for years and years.
People were being so mean as a result of my ability - a gift, really. So I think that's what makes me fight harder to provide an option to aspiring kids or artists. I wouldn't want anyone to go through what I went through... to see a little girl or a little dancer experience such unnecessary rejection.
I have the ordinary experience of being anonymous when I'm in an airplane talking to air-traffic control, and they don't know who they're talking to. I have a lot of common experiences.
To me, the job of the artist is to provide a useful and intelligent vocabulary for the world to be able to articulate feelings they experience everyday, and otherwise wouldn't have the means to express in a meaningful and useful way.
Making movies is a very different experience in a lot of ways. It's difficult when you're used to owning the copyright and having a landlord's possessory rights - I rent my plays to the companies that do them and, if I'm upset, I can pull the play. But the only two directors I've worked with are pretty great.
Acting can be a narrow and isolated experience, because you only examine your particular part.
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
That's one of the benefits of working on big budget films. You work with people who have a lot of experience and you get to learn a lot.
I was an only child. I've known only children. From this experience, I do believe that the children should outnumber the parents.
Film is such a bizarre vehicle for acting. It's such a bizarre experience. I don't think you ever really get familiar with it. If you do get familiar with it, you're probably not that good anymore.
I definitely feel more complete than before. There's a void you have when you don't feel you've found the other part of who you are, so I'm in a different place now and that's nice to experience.
I think it's really, really important to mix it up as an actor, to try to get as much kind of varied experience as you can, not only for your own personal growth as an actor but for the audience to keep them guessing about what you're going to do.
I'm a method writer. In order to write about the emotion, I have to experience it. I get physically tired and exhausted, devoting hours and hours and hours to it.
You can't dodge them all. I got hammered plenty of times through the years. But you just get up and keep playing. I can tell you from experience, though. Sometimes it hurts like hell.
I've learned through experience of playing different characters, some of whom were jerks, that when you play a character who is pretentious or obnoxious, in any way, it's important to knock them down a peg.
I have a mess in my head sometimes, and there's something very satisfying about putting it into words. Certainly it's not something that you're in charge of, necessarily, but writing about it, putting it into your words, can be a very powerful experience.
A city building, you experience when you walk a suburban building, you experience when you drive.
My worst hair experience was when I was trying to relax my hair and my grandmother did it. It went all straight and I looked like a black Bee Gee.
Actually, music gave me the support when I needed it. I would never have gone to college unless I'd gotten a piano scholarship. And now I'm so glad I got to learn to play the cello, which is a different experience, you're flexing a different muscle, but it's beautiful because it is music.
There's full consensus in the military that women shouldn't be in person-to-person combat. I don't know if we have enough experience to know whether this is the right approach. But women can be elsewhere. We have mandatory military service in Chile. I pushed for women in all areas.
Practical wisdom is only to be learned in the school of experience. Precepts and instruction are useful so far as they go, but, without the discipline of real life, they remain of the nature of theory only.
Our subjective experience of time is highly variable. We all know that days can pass like weeks and months can feel like years, and that the opposite can be just as true: A month or year can zoom by in what feels like no time at all.
The experience gathered from books, though often valuable, is but the nature of learning whereas the experience gained from actual life is one of the nature of wisdom.
Just as we accumulate memories of facts by integrating them into a network, we accumulate life experiences by integrating them into a web of other chronological memories. The denser the web, the denser the experience of time.
Experience teaches us that we do not always receive the blessings we ask for in prayer.
My father respected and admired my mother and was a person who was always standing by my side, encouraging me to do more and believed in my capacity. So in that sense, my own experience was very good in becoming an empowered woman. From early on, I carried that strong message: 'You can do it.' So I never had any doubt that women can do a lot.
Other people do not have to change for us to experience peace of mind.
I believe that being an actress or being involved in a movie has to be a life experience, otherwise why go for it? I have to change me, and I have to learn things, and I have to push me and my limits. By acting, I find a freedom inside of a prison in a way.
Like every aspect of cancer I've weathered thus far, today's experience was not at all demoralizing, expensive or humiliating. No, it was just plain fun.
Life is full of change and uncertainty. We know this. We experience it on a daily basis.
I've had a fair amount of experience with snakes, and I find them to be pretty honest in terms of how you read their body language and emotions. They'll tell you when they're grumpy. They'll tell you when they're okay.
Education is when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get if you don't.
I had such a close relationship with my dog, and my dog so filled the need in my life to have children that I just wanted Cathy to have that experience.
Baseball is a rookie, his experience no bigger than the lump in his throat as he begins fulfillment of his dream.
If the experience of science teaches anything, it's that the world is very strange and surprising. The many revolutions in science have certainly shown that.
The impulse to dream was slowly beaten out of me by experience. Now it surged up again and I hungered for books, new ways of looking and seeing.
But in the back of my mind I've always looked to the biggest-scale Hollywood movies. Because to me the most satisfying experience is of watching a movie, if it's done really well. And so that aspiration is always it for me, if I have the opportunity to do it.
Man tells his aspiration in his God but in his demon he shows his depth of experience.
Whenever something happens that makes me laugh or if I remember something in the middle of the night that I want to share, I jot the experience down.
My kids will grow up in a house knowing that it's perfectly normal for two men to be in love, it's perfectly normal for two women to be in love. My kids will grow up knowing it's all about love. It doesn't matter who you're with and everyone should have that experience.
I'd like to work with Justin Bieber. He's talented and he's so young. I know what he's going through. I've lived what he's living through right now. Working with him would complete a circle of sorts for me. And he might find it a worthwhile experience himself.
At an incredibly divisive point in pop history, Donna Summer managed to create an undeniable across-the-board experience of mass pleasure - after 'Bad Girls,' nobody ever tried claiming disco sucked again. It set the template for what Michael Jackson would do a few months later with 'Off The Wall.'
Acting is a very personal process. It has to do with expressing your own personality, and discovering the character you're playing through your own experience - so we're all different.
Enough of this occupation, terror and abuse. We are not in need of your help. We are able to combat and defeat terrorism, and achieve unity. We are not in need of your bases, your experience and etc.
I mean, I really liked those guys and the experience of doing Raiders was really good for me, but I did not really want to be involved - I only did Jedi, as I really owed George a favor.
Rhetoric and dialectics can't change what I have learned from observation and experience.
I'm a very professional man. I'm not out for the experience of adventure.
I think a lot comes from having the experience of doing stand-up comedy. It allows you to figure out the psychology of an audience what things are funny and not.
Before this learning experience, I had assumed that with regard to programs that sought to help people out of poverty, the political world was essentially divided into two camps: conservatives who opposed these for a variety of reasons, and liberals who supported them.
While I was pleasantly surprised by the relatively high number of jobs created in April, the fact is that job creation during this recovery period has significantly lagged both historical experience in recovery, and the projections of the Bush Administration.
Whatever education I got was from experience and reading. But I also realize I wouldn't pass my friend's sixth-grade class.
I just love to experience things. I would do almost anything once.
I don't think any good book is based on factual experience. Bad books are about things the writer already knew before he wrote them.
Literature overtakes history, for literature gives you more than one life. It expands experience and opens new opportunities to readers.
Experience is the extract of suffering.
There are people who never experience that, who remain closed until death, from fear of change.
Capital isn't that important in business. Experience isn't that important. You can get both of these things. What is important is ideas.
Experience, already reduced to a group of impressions, is ringed round for each one of us by that thick wall of personality through which no real voice has ever pierced on its way to us, or from us to that which we can only conjecture to be without.
It was a very bizarre experience for me, to get the songs together, go in there, and try to deliver them as I would perhaps in a live setting. But I realized that I couldn't take on that coffeehouse style that I came from and go in there and burn it up.
Well, for me, what I've learned at the very end of this, love is sharing, and I think that really is, for me, the best place to go to experience love, is sharing.
In some movies you feel like you're a very small part of a huge machine. Whereas in the theater you can have a very small part, but you can still feel the weight and the gravity of it. Given the nature of theater, it's a more concentrated and quiet experience.
Magicians lose the opportunity to experience a sense of wonder.
I didn't know if I had the music for it or if I could pull off the larger concert experience. Then I realized if I can just continue to be myself, I'll be all right.
I know from my own experience and from other people in the business that when you come from a place where nobody knew who you were and then there is this sudden shift to where everybody now knows who you are, there's an adjustment that you have to make.
My films don't give you an easy ride. I can see that. The sense I get is that people have quite a physical experience with them. They feel afterwards that they've really been through something.
With a lot of films, people are sitting on the outside looking in, but I want the audience to get a bit more intimately involved with what's going on, so that they maybe can experience it a little bit more intensely.
If there's any object in human experience that's a precedent for what a computer should be like, it's a musical instrument: a device where you can explore a huge range of possibilities through an interface that connects your mind and your body, allowing you to be emotionally authentic and expressive.
I've had a great experience with pretty much everybody I've worked with.
God's way of answering the Christian's prayer for more patience, experience, hope and love often is to put him into the furnace of affliction.
From this experience we have learned that in a big party it is important to have the necessary and often controversial discussions on policy issues such as the health system while in opposition.
If you build that foundation, both the moral and the ethical foundation, as well as the business foundation, and the experience foundation, then the building won't crumble.
I wouldn't say I'm a method actor. I do research when I feel I don't have enough experience for the part I'm playing.
My ultimate aim is to make euthanasia a positive experience.
Theatre, when it is at its best, takes a lot of beating - the live experience and the shared collective experience of live storytelling is really special when it is good. Particularly here in New York because the audiences are amazing, very vocal and very engaged, and that makes theatre very exciting.
From my experience, politicians are much more uncomfortable being made fun of than they are being preached at and screeched at - you know, and the soapbox routine. They're much more uneasy knowing they're a target of ridicule.
The underlying message of the Lancet article is that if you want to understand aggressive behaviour in children, look to the social and emotional environment in which they are growing up, and the values they bring to the viewing experience.
The president felt that it was important to send an ordinary citizen to experience the excitement of space travel as a representative for all Americans.
The mind uses its faculty for creativity only when experience forces it to do so.
When they call the slightest spending reductions 'painful', we will say 'If government spending prevents pain, why are we suffering so much of it?' And 'If you want to experience real pain, just stay on the track we are on.'
You know, I've learned a lot from every person I've collaborated with, from Madlib to Jean Grae and Hi-Tek, to Mos to DJ Quik, to even somebody like Jermaine Dupri. I've taken something important away from every experience.
Not only did I avoid speaking of Salinger I resisted thinking about him. I did not reread his letters to me. The experience had been too painful.
If people choose to live their life in a way that does not confront the more troubling aspects of their experience, that's fine, if it works for them. But it will probably make them uncomfortable if they come up against somebody like me. So they just shouldn't! They shouldn't read my work!
There is no winning or losing, but rather the value is in the experience of imagining yourself as a character in whatever genre you're involved in, whether it's a fantasy game, the Wild West, secret agenst or whatever else. You get to sort of vicariously experience those things.
If you believe your catcher is intelligent and you know that he has considerable experience, it is a good thing to leave the game almost entirely in his hands.
In my experience an appreciative letter from a fellow writer means a lot.
A twenty-one-year-old writer is likely to be inhibited by a lack of usable experience. Childhood and adolescence were something I knew.
I live with one foot in the sand and one in the snow. There's European egocentricity, and the African opposite. I normally say that my African experience has made me a better European.
There are a lot of impractical things about owning a Porsche. But they're all offset by the driving experience. It really is unique. Lamborghinis and Ferraris come close. And they are more powerful, but they don't handle like a Porsche.
But I just know from experience that accent wise, even if you're an accent genius, crossing the Atlantic is the hardest thing in the world either way.
When he brought it to me four years ago, Rodney King had just arrived, I was involved in the clean-up of L.A. and I guess it was part of my experience.
I know from my own personal experience. I was bullied in middle school and high school and went through my fair share of hard times thereafter. Also, one of my really good friends committed suicide when I was in high school.
I don't think people should have boundaries put on them, by themselves or society or another gender, because it's our birthright to experience life in whatever way we feel best suits us.
Work is a substitute religious experience for many workaholics.
Good judgement comes from experience. Sometimes, experience comes from bad judgement.
You may count on Mexico's support, since your commitment to the noblest causes of mankind and your vast experience are and will be invaluable in enabling us, together, to achieve a better world.
If you're working on a movie, you want it to be projected on the largest tapestry possible, and the sound to be perfect, and for that kind of communal experience of the movies to take place for it.
And I like to convey my feelings, my emotions, my experience, the information I have to public use, public opinion.
Certainly I've had the experience of thinking a person was one thing, and finding out they were another.
And then I went to 'Dawson's Creek,' which is a show that was, for better or for worse, all about the language. It was a word-perfect show, which I'd never had any experience with. And it was really shocking for me. I felt really hemmed in. At the time, it wasn't my favorite working experience.
I had the closest thing I have ever had to an out-of-body experience lying in bed one morning. I turned on the 'Today' programme and item four on the news was: 'The shadow chancellor has ruled himself out of the leadership.' I lay there thinking that's interesting, then I realised it was me.
It's been my experience that every time I think I know where it's at, it's usually somewhere else.
The utmost thing is the user experience, to have the most useful experience.
Our theory is, if you need the user to tell you what you're selling, then you don't know what you're selling, and it's probably not going to be a good experience.
Truth be told, I'm not an easy man. I can be an entertaining one, though it's been my experience that most people don't want to be entertained. They want to be comforted.
The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation.
We believe that Lebanon has been the first real experience for all the Arabs.
Today, the Iraqi citizen sees that America is coming and wants to occupy his country and kill him, and he is willing to experience for himself what happened in Palestine.
Putting is like wisdom - partly a natural gift and partly the accumulation of experience.
I have been blessed in many ways, and one of those is to have been born in Africa, for me a great treasure house of stories. I have been researching it since my infancy reading about it, talking to men and women who have spent their lives in this land, living it as I have and loving it as I do. I write almost entirely from my own experience.
I was thinking that we all learn by experience, but some of us have to go to summer school.
Past experience with fiscal austerity at home and overseas strongly suggests that it is best for the economy's long-run performance to restrain government spending rather than raise taxes.
It's really fun at night, because I can see the baby kicking. I can feel the knee or the foot. The baby is starting to get heavy, and it's a really incredible feeling. I'm so grateful I get to experience this.
When you go visiting countries, you start reading the history of the place and you start getting into the culture, and then you have to leave. In my experience, all countries have hidden treasures.
I've always loved the experience of working together with other people toward an artistic goal.
There are a lot of things that make up a performance, a lot of technical things. It isn't always just about pulling it up from the darkest recesses of your mind or your heart. It's your experience and your observation.
Once you're in a particular country, and you're surrounded by musicians who are so adept at traditional music, you suddenly realize how much there is to explore and digest and learn and experience.
Marimba is much more of a wood-type experience and there is no real possibility of getting a dry sound, and getting that contrast in the same way that you can in a vibraphone.
Now, having had this experience, I can't say really what they were looking for. I don't know their minds. But every time I see a reality show, it seems that the most entertaining parts on other reality shows are when they make their guests look foolish.
Women have no sympathy and my experience of women is almost as large as Europe.
An identity would seem to be arrived at by the way in which the person faces and uses his experience.
When something is new to us, we treat it as an experience. We feel that our senses are awake and clear. We are alive.
You know, my life's changed now. I'm starting to experience what people are really supposed to do. You supposed to be married. You're supposed to have a family, kids, treat your wife right.
The world is given to me only once, not one existing and one perceived. Subject and object are only one. The barrier between them cannot be said to have broken down as a result of recent experience in the physical sciences, for this barrier does not exist.
There are some things you only learn through experience.
On the one hand, we'll never experience childbirth. On the other hand, we can open all our own jars.
If you started in New York you were dealing with the biggest guys in the world. You're dealing with Charlie Parker and all the big bands and everything. We got more experience working in Seattle.
I feel like if I won an award and I was giving my speech and the music started, that's all I'd remember, the humiliation I felt when the music started. It would mar the entire experience for me.
I had decided I wanted to write about food, and I knew the only way to do that is to speak with authority, which meant learning the language and knowing what that experience is like.
The plain man is familiar with blindness and deafness, and knows from his everyday experience that the look of things is influenced by his senses but it never occurs to him to regard the whole world as the creation of his senses.
The experience is fundamentally different for buying from local businesses than it is for buying consumer goods.
You're creating an intimacy that everybody feels, that it's their experience, not yours. I'll never introduce a song and say, now this song is about 'my' broken heart.
You ask any moviemaker what their favorite movie experience was, and they'll say it was one of the first ones, where everyone had to pitch in and do everything together, and you had to struggle.
Being in love is the only transcendent experience.
I've had a lot of experience in independent film, and about how to choose. You've got to be very discerning about where you put your five bucks, and where you cut and what you don't cut.
Dramatic experience is not logical it may be subdued to the kind of coherence that we indicate when we speak, in criticism, of form.
So if I have two pieces of cake, do I have twice as good an experience as the first piece of cake? One of the things I've found in life is that the first piece of cake is the best.
Your own experience keeps taking you towards something. My book adds the hope that it's a better something.
My advice would be to write what is most personal and specific to your experience or your life. And your voice will emerge and because of its specificity, it will be universal.
Succeeding is not really a life experience that does that much good. Failing is a much more sobering and enlightening experience.
Also, I knew that the impact of Motorcycle Diaries was going to be so resonant for all of us who went through the experience of making it that I didn't want to do anything that could reflect it.
The course of the flight up and down was exceedingly erratic, partly due to the irregularity of the air, and partly to lack of experience in handling this machine. The control of the front rudder was difficult on account of its being balanced too near the center.
I loved making Pure Country. It was a great learning experience for me, seeing another part of the entertainment industry.
I've never had issues with popularity. I was always a popular guy... I've always had friends and loved ones and everything, so it wasn't like, 'Oh man, I gotta fill some void that was left by high school.' I had a great high-school experience.
I don't believe in the so-called Olympic spirit. I speak from personal experience. When China hosted the Games, it failed to include the people. The event was constructed without regard for their joy.
We are creating a unique experience. It's starts with how you see the building from a distance.
When you grow up in a family of languages, you develop a kind of casual fluency, so that languages, though differently colored, all seem transparent to experience.
My feeling about work is it's much more about the experience of doing it than the end product. Sometimes things that are really great and make lots of money are miserable to make, and vice versa.
Music and language are a vital element. We, as actors and directors, offer it to people who want to experience it. Sometimes the actual meaning is less important than the words themselves.
It is brilliant going to the theatre and being forced to sit and listen and think about life. It can be almost a near-religious experience.
You want to do something that shows some type individuality and talent and imagination - at the same time, you want to be truthful to the predecessors, because obviously the audience liked something about them and you have to replicate that experience to a certain extent.
A man of conviction is often more to be desired than a man of experience.
You're working on being a father, so that is something that when you experience it you'll understand the profundity of wanting to protect something dear to you.
No student of Chinese history can say that the Chinese are incapable of religious experience, even when judged by the standards of medieval Europe or pious India.
The resistance of a woman is not always a proof of her virtue, but more frequently of her experience.
And so I think that if the person has the funds, the network, and the equipment to do this, and also the experience, which is the key factor, then they can be quite deadly.
We really haven't had very much experience with people funding their retirement out of the stock market, and we don't know, frankly, how it would work under every scenario.
Louis Malle was the best filmmaker I've ever worked with. He was such an artist. He was dealing with the theme of innocence and experience.
But because we've all been readers, we know what the experience is like, and we hope that what certain writers have given to us, we will give to someone.
I will perform My Heart Will Go On for the rest of my life and it will always remain a very emotional experience for me.
I love music, and after my first experience with movies, I can't wait to do more.
Judgment comes from experience and great judgment comes from bad experience.
The most important training, though, is to experience life as a writer, questioning everything, inventing multiple explanations for everything. If you do that, all the other things will come if you don't, there's no hope for you.
Well, you know, the definition of second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
I am very happy since when I am in different cities I can experience and learn different cultures!
I'm always hoping for the nights that are inspired where you almost have an out of body experience.
Many children are natural fantasists, I think, perhaps because their imaginations have yet to be clobbered into submission by experience.
Acting is not a mystery. There's nothing that I know that other actors don't know. We all act, we're all actors, we all know the same thing. The only thing that separates us is experience.
I feel responsible that everyone has a really wonderful experience and to do the best work possible, and to always know my lines and to always be on time and to bring a level to the show in terms of quality that other people will follow.
It evolved from my experience in the fifties, growing up during the McCarthy era, and hearing a lot of assumptions that America was wonderful and Communism was terrible.
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure... than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not the world is full of educated failures. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.
My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure.
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.
I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I now enjoy.
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit.
Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do.
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure.
Don't be afraid to fail. Don't waste energy trying to cover up failure. Learn from your failures and go on to the next challenge. It's OK to fail. If you're not failing, you're not growing.
We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse.
One of the common failings among honorable people is a failure to appreciate how thoroughly dishonorable some other people can be, and how dangerous it is to trust them.
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost.
A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give.
Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
Failure is not a single, cataclysmic event. You don't fail overnight. Instead, failure is a few errors in judgement, repeated every day.
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did ten times more work.
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
There is no such thing as failure. There are only results.
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
A failure is not always a mistake, it may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances. The real mistake is to stop trying.
If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.
Restlessness is discontent and discontent is the first necessity of progress. Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.
Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.
One's only rival is one's own potentialities. One's only failure is failing to live up to one's own possibilities. In this sense, every man can be a king, and must therefore be treated like a king.
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might has well not have lived at all, in which case you have failed by default.
Achievement is not always success, while reputed failure often is. It is honest endeavor, persistent effort to do the best possible under any and all circumstances.
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.
I really don't think life is about the I-could-have-beens. Life is only about the I-tried-to-do. I don't mind the failure but I can't imagine that I'd forgive myself if I didn't try.
It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.
To establish true self-esteem we must concentrate on our successes and forget about the failures and the negatives in our lives.
Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Go on failing. Go on. Only next time, try to fail better.
Failure is a word unknown to me.
All that is necessary to break the spell of inertia and frustration is this: Act as if it were impossible to fail. That is the talisman, the formula, the command of right about face which turns us from failure to success.
Don't be afraid of missing opportunities. Behind every failure is an opportunity somebody wishes they had missed.
Every failure is a step to success.
You will be a failure, until you impress the subconscious with the conviction you are a success. This is done by making an affirmation which 'clicks.'
It's best to have failure happen early in life. It wakes up the Phoenix bird in you so you rise from the ashes.
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best.
There is only one failure in life possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows.
We failed, but in the good providence of God apparent failure often proves a blessing.
Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
Success comes when people act together failure tends to happen alone.
They who have conquered doubt and fear have conquered failure.
Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
The young think that failure is the Siberian end of the line, banishment from all the living, and tend to do what I then did - which was to hide.
There are some defeats more triumphant than victories.
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
All human actions are equivalent... and all are on principle doomed to failure.
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
Indecision and delays are the parents of failure.
A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.
Do not blame anybody for your mistakes and failures.
If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style.
Success and failure are equally disastrous.
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.
It is not a disgrace to fail. Failing is one of the greatest arts in the world.
Show me a good and gracious loser and I'll show you a failure.
The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.
You gotta lose 'em some of the time. When you do, lose 'em right.
The only risk of failure is promotion.
We climb to heaven most often on the ruins of our cherished plans, finding our failures were successes.
Do not let your ambitions become a sanctuary for your failures.
A life which does not go into action is a failure.
I hate to be a failure. I hate and regret the failure of my marriages. I would gladly give all my millions for just one lasting marital success.
There could be no honor in a sure success, but much might be wrested from a sure defeat.
A hatred of failure has always been part of my nature.
Success is never final, but failure can be.
Failure is always an option.
Often the difference between a successful person and a failure is not one has better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on one's ideas, to take a calculated risk - and to act.
Success breeds complacency. Complacency breeds failure. Only the paranoid survive.
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail.
Our failings sometimes bind us to one another as closely as could virtue itself.
It would be great to be able to pass on to someone all of the successes, the failures, and the knowledge that one has had. To help someone, avoid all the fire, pain and anxiety would be wonderful.
Don't be afraid of failure be afraid of petty success.
My life has been nothing but a failure.
You always pass failure on your way to success.
Never walk away from failure. On the contrary, study it carefully and imaginatively for its hidden assets.
I never see failure as failure, but only as the game I must play and win.
We may be personally defeated, but our principles never!
The world is divided into two categories: failures and unknowns.
I have probably purchased fifty 'hot tips' in my career, maybe even more. When I put them all together, I know I am a net loser.
Notice the difference between what happens when a man says to himself, I have failed three times, and what happens when he says, I am a failure.
Failure is a word that I simply don't accept.
The most important of my discoveries have been suggested to me by my failures.
Remember the two benefits of failure. First, if you do fail, you learn what doesn't work and second, the failure gives you the opportunity to try a new approach.
At least I have the modesty to admit that lack of modesty is one of my failings.
Before you can win a game, you have to not lose it.
I wasn't afraid to fail. Something good always comes out of failure.
Losing is no disgrace if you've given your best.
Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.
It has always seemed strange to me... the things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system. And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success. And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.
The fact that we are here today to debate raising America's debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. America has a debt problem and a failure of leadership. Americans deserve better. I, therefore, intend to oppose the effort to increase America's debt.
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.
As kids we're not taught how to deal with success we're taught how to deal with failure. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. If at first you succeed, then what?
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
People in their handlings of affairs often fail when they are about to succeed. If one remains as careful at the end as he was at the beginning, there will be no failure.
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
Socialism in general has a record of failure so blatant that only an intellectual could ignore or evade it.
Once you start a working on something, don't be afraid of failure and don't abandon it. People who work sincerely are the happiest.
Never fret for an only son, the idea of failure will never occur to him.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Failure is the key to success each mistake teaches us something.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
My reputation grows with every failure.
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in the experience.
Optimism is a kind of heart stimulant - the digitalis of failure.
Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day.
The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it: so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it.
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
In America, there's a failure to appreciate Europe's leading role in the world.
No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure.
Tragedy in life normally comes with betrayal and compromise, and trading on your integrity and not having dignity in life. That's really where failure comes.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
The Bush Administration's failure to be consistently involved in helping Israel achieve peace with the Palestinians has been both wrong for our friendship with Israel, as well as badly damaging to our standing in the Arab world.
Why should anybody be interested in some old man who was a failure?
So while I will never minimize the costs involved in military action, I am convinced that a failure to act in Libya would have carried a far greater price for America.
The theory seems to be that as long as a man is a failure he is one of God's children, but that as soon as he succeeds he is taken over by the Devil.
Failure comes only when we forget our ideals and objectives and principles.
There's always failure. And there's always disappointment. And there's always loss. But the secret is learning from the loss, and realizing that none of those holes are vacuums.
You must accept that you might fail then, if you do your best and still don't win, at least you can be satisfied that you've tried. If you don't accept failure as a possibility, you don't set high goals, you don't branch out, you don't try - you don't take the risk.
The guns and the bombs, the rockets and the warships, are all symbols of human failure.
I hate failure and that divorce was a Number One failure in my eyes. It was the worst period of my life. Neither Desi nor I have been the same since, physically or mentally.
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.
A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms agains himself. He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.
A man can get discouraged many times but he is not a failure until he begins to blame somebody else and stops trying.
There is but one cause of human failure. And that is man's lack of faith in his true Self.
If those committed to the quest fail, they will be forgiven. When lost, they will find another way. The moral imperative of humanism is the endeavor alone, whether successful or not, provided the effort is honorable and failure memorable.
There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence. He is still a King.
Every great work, every big accomplishment, has been brought into manifestation through holding to the vision, and often just before the big achievement, comes apparent failure and discouragement.
Fear stifles our thinking and actions. It creates indecisiveness that results in stagnation. I have known talented people who procrastinate indefinitely rather than risk failure. Lost opportunities cause erosion of confidence, and the downward spiral begins.
There is no failure except in no longer trying. There is no defeat except from within, no really insurmountable barrier save our own inherent weakness of purpose.
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.
Destiny: A tyrant's authority for crime and a fool's excuse for failure.
Forget about the consequences of failure. Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
Laziness is a secret ingredient that goes into failure. But it's only kept a secret from the person who fails.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life.
While it is important for people to see your promise you must also remember that hope is the keeper of both happiness and disappointment, the father of both progress and failure.
If there exists no possibility of failure, then victory is meaningless.
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.
No man can be a failure if he thinks he's a success If he thinks he is a winner, then he is.
Failure is not our only punishment for laziness there is also the success of others.
The failure of national economic policy is costing us more than jobs it has begun to weaken that uniquely American spirit of risk-taking, large ambition, and optimism about the future. We must rally them now to bold departures that rebuild our national morale as well as our material prosperity.
Why do I talk about the benefits of failure? Simply because failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than what I was, and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me.
I'm proof against that word failure. I've seen behind it. The only failure a man ought to fear is failure of cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best.
All human actions are equivalent and all are on principle doomed to failure.
Ideology, politics and journalism, which luxuriate in failure, are impotent in the face of hope and joy.
Not failure, but low aim, is crime.
The idea of capitalism is not just success but also the failure that allows success to happen.
Creative risk taking is essential to success in any goal where the stakes are high. Thoughtless risks are destructive, of course, but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity.
They talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in Africa, Asia and Latin America?
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
There are only really a few stories to tell in the end, and betrayal and the failure of love is one of those good stories to tell.
To begin to think with purpose, is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to attainment.
Failure is a great teacher, and I think when you make mistakes and you recover from them and you treat them as valuable learning experiences, then you've got something to share.
My fault, my failure, is not in the passions I have, but in my lack of control of them.
Failure is instructive. The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes.
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call 'failure' is not the falling down, but the staying down.
My dad encouraged us to fail. Growing up, he would ask us what we failed at that week. If we didn't have something, he would be disappointed. It changed my mindset at an early age that failure is not the outcome, failure is not trying. Don't be afraid to fail.
He who risks and fails can be forgiven. He who never risks and never fails is a failure in his whole being.
Big companies are like marching bands. Even if half the band is playing random notes, it still sounds kind of like music. The concealment of failure is built into them.
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
One of the reasons people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure.
My father was not a failure. After all, he was the father of a president of the United States.
Greatly begin. Though thou have time, but for a line, be that sublime. Not failure, but low aim is crime.
Mohammed was not an apparent failure. He was a dazzling success, politically as well as spiritually, and Islam went from strength to strength to strength.
No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.
The freedom to fail is vital if you're going to succeed. Most successful people fail from time to time, and it is a measure of their strength that failure merely propels them into some new attempt at success.
No matter how vast, how total, the failure of man here on earth, the work of man will be resumed elsewhere. War leaders talk of resuming operations on this front and that, but man's front embraces the whole universe.
I have a lack of fear, whereas in the past the fear of failure was a powerful motivator. Anyway, I have great expectations for the future, but I just don't know if I'm the monarch of all I survey.
War remains the decisive human failure.
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
If Liberia has failed, then, it is no evidence of the failure of the Negro in government. It is merely evidence of the failure of slavery.
Every adversity, every failure, and every heartache, carries with it the Seed of an equivalent or greater Benefit.
However things may seem, no evil thing is success and no good thing is failure.
There is not a fiercer hell than the failure in a great object.
We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success. We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery.
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
Women, like men, should try to do the impossible. And when they fail, their failure should be a challenge to others.
Discipline is based on pride, on meticulous attention to details, and on mutual respect and confidence. Discipline must be a habit so ingrained that it is stronger than the excitement of the goal or the fear of failure.
The only real failure in life is one not learned from.
There is no loneliness greater than the loneliness of a failure. The failure is a stranger in his own house.
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
I'm hopeful. I know there is a lot of ambition in Washington, obviously. But I hope the ambitious realize that they are more likely to succeed with success as opposed to failure.
As I said there is nothing wrong with failing. Pick yourself up and try it again. You never are going to know how good you really are until you go out and face failure.
I read less and less. I have not forgiven books for their failure to tell me the truth and make me happy.
The point is not to take the world's opinion as a guiding star but to go one's way in life and working unerringly, neither depressed by failure nor seduced by applause.
Children love and want to be loved and they very much prefer the joy of accomplishment to the triumph of hateful failure. Do not mistake a child for his symptom.
It is often the failure who is the pioneer in new lands, new undertakings, and new forms of expression.
Often the difference between a successful man and a failure is not one's better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on his ideas, to take a calculated risk, and to act.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
I have always been pushed by the negative. The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out. I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success.
But while success and failure depend on conditions, the mind neither waxes nor wanes.
It's not necessary to fear the prospect of failure but to be determined not to fail.
Failure means a stripping away of the inessential.
We need to teach the highly educated man that it is not a disgrace to fail and that he must analyze every failure to find its cause. He must learn how to fail intelligently, for failing is one of the greatest arts in the world.
Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.
Sometimes failure isn't an opportunity in disguise, it's just you.
Failure is authentic, and because it's authentic, it's real and genuine, and because of that, it's a pure state of being.
In high school, in sport, I had a coach who told me I was much better than I thought I was, and would make me do more in a positive sense. He was the first person who taught me not to be afraid of failure.
Crime and bad lives are the measure of a State's failure, all crime in the end is the crime of the community.
Whether in success or in failure, I'm proud of every single movie I've ever directed.
Failure has gone to his head.
Any critic is entitled to wrong judgments, of course. But certain lapses of judgment indicate the radical failure of an entire sensibility.
Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination.
Man's sin is in his failure to live what he is. Being the master of the earth, man forgets that he is the servant of God.
If a building looks better under construction than it does when finished, then it's a failure.
Sometimes the best lighting of all is a power failure.
Most success springs from an obstacle or failure. I became a cartoonist largely because I failed in my goal of becoming a successful executive.
Young players need freedom of expression to develop as creative players... they should be encouraged to try skills without fear of failure.
I love Rauschenberg. I love that he created a turning point in visual history, that he redefined the idea of beauty, that he combined painting, sculpture, photography, and everyday life with such gall, and that he was interested in, as he put it, 'the ability to conceive failure as progress.'
This dullness of vision regarding the importance of the general welfare to the individual is the measure of the failure of our schools and churches to teach the spiritual significance of genuine democracy.
A real failure does not need an excuse. It is an end in itself.
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.
There is much to be said for failure. It is much more interesting than success.
You have to be able to accept failure to get better.
Please know that I am aware of the hazards. I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be a challenge to others.
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success.
Failure is simply the non-presence of success. But a fiasco is a disaster of mythic proportions.
I believe in trusting men, not only once but twice - in giving a failure another chance.
Within the U.S., the Obama presidency will be mainly measured by the success or failure of his economic policies. And here, I fear, the monstrous stimulus package with which this administration stumbled out of the gate will prove to be Obama's Waterloo.
The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy, inevitable part of the process of getting to the top.
The failure of academic feminists to recognize difference as a crucial strength is a failure to reach beyond the first patriarchal lesson. In our world, divide and conquer must become define and empower.
Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail their failure must be but a challenge to others.
Mass transportation is doomed to failure in North America because a person's car is the only place where he can be alone and think.
If we don't succeed we run the risk of failure.
Most of us spend the first six days of each week sowing wild oats then we go to church on Sunday and pray for a crop failure.
Ultimately, all human activities have as their goal the realization of happiness. Why, then, have we ended up producing the opposite result? Could the underlying cause be our failure to correctly understand the true nature of happiness?
I don't want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about.
Translation is the art of failure.
I've probably earned the right to screw up a few times. I don't want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure - which is: Try to please everybody.
For families across the UK who are income-poor, but more than that, whose lives are blighted by worklessness, educational failure, family breakdown, problem debt and poor health, as well as other problems, giving them an extra pound - say through increased benefits - will not address the reason they find themselves in difficulty in the first place.
Not failure, but low aim is sin.
Failure is a part of success.
We know there is no such thing as freedom without the risk of failure.
Heaven knows that I have done all that a mortal could do, to save the people, and the failure was not my fault, but the fault of others.
Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure.
There are no mistakes, save one: the failure to learn from a mistake.
So many financial dreams are thwarted by the failure to act upon good intentions.
A minute's success pays the failure of years.
Who I am as a guitarist is defined by my failure to become Jimi Hendrix.
There's no right or wrong, success or failure.
That sense of failure, I don't know where people put it who don't write songs and aren't able to emote physically. It must go somewhere.
In politics, what begins in fear usually ends in failure.
I think you have to try and fail, because failure gets you closer to what you're good at.
Pressure is a word that is misused in our vocabulary. When you start thinking of pressure, it's because you've started to think of failure.
About the only problem with success is that it does not teach you how to deal with failure.
The main failure of education is that it has not prepared people to comprehend matters concerning human destiny.
It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success they much oftener succeed through failures. Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.
I want to swim in both directions at once. Desire success, court failure.
I was taught that to create anything you had to believe in failure, simply because you had to be prepared to go through an idea without any fear. Failure, you learned, as I did in art school, to be a wonderful thing. It allowed you to get up in the morning and take the pillow off your head.
The clearest explanation for the failure of any marriage is that the two people are incompatible that is, that one is male and the other female.
I have a tendency to sabotage relationships I have a tendency to sabotage everything. Fear of success, fear of failure, fear of being afraid. Useless, good-for-nothing thoughts.
Failure is impossible.
All war represents a failure of diplomacy.
Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.
We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes - understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success.
Without failure there is no sweetness in success. There's no understanding of it.
But I look at failure as education. In that respect, I am so well-educated.
There is no such thing as darkness only a failure to see.
To harmonize the One with the Many, this is indeed a difficult adjustment, perhaps the most difficult of all, and so important, withal, that nations have perished from their failure to achieve it.
The failure of the White House and Congress to seriously address the nation's fiscal situation is certain to broaden the belief among many voters that the U.S. political system is broken.
Failure's a natural part of life.
I mean, I love L.A. - I love living here. But I wish that we could make things without the need to hit a home run every single time. It's a unique thing to Hollywood that if you don't do that every time, then you're considered a failure. But it's like, 'Well, are you making movies to be successful? Or are you making movies to learn something?'
I mean, I love L.A. - I love living here. But I wish that we could make things without the need to hit a home run every single time. It's a unique thing to Hollywood that if you don't do that every time, then you're considered a failure.
The exposed nature of life in the public square affects leaders' attitudes toward risk - and failure.
As long as the G.O.P., led by its increasingly visible women, continues to insist that the problem is not their policies but women's failure to understand their own lives and interests, the gender gap won't go away.
Failure sometimes enlarges the spirit. You have to fall back upon humanity and God.
Entrepreneurs are risk takers, willing to roll the dice with their money or reputation on the line in support of an idea or enterprise. They willingly assume responsibility for the success or failure of a venture and are answerable for all its facets.
The only failure is not to try.
I'm sure not afraid of success and I've learned not to be afraid of failure. The only thing I'm afraid of now is of being someone I don't like much.
I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating. Most people attach failure to something not working out or how people perceive you. This way, it is about answering to yourself.
With everything that is complex, we learn. If you don't learn, then it's an utter and abject failure. If you do learn, and you're able to apply that to the next situation, then you take away a measure of success.
I think some parents now look at a youngster failing as the final thing. It's a process, and failure is part of the process. I would like it if the teacher and the parents would connect more. I think that used to be, but we're losing a little bit of that right now.
The traditional religious right's failure to restore public-school prayer or pass an antiabortion constitutional amendment has likely helped fuel the spread of the more extreme dominionist school.
And in reality, I don't think it's a real documentary. It's more a story of her life. It's a story of survival. It's a story of the time in which she lived. The story of success and failure.
The failure of world leaders to act on the critical issue of global warming is often blamed on economic considerations.
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
I don't understand a way to work other than bold-facedly running towards failure.
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.
Failure seldom stops you. What stops you is the fear of failure.
You'll never convince me there is a hopeless situation or there is any finality in any success or any failure.
You get so afraid of failure and so afraid of losing and so afraid of not being the best that it's not a natural drive - it's born out of fear of failure. Which helps in Hollywood.
With the NDAA, his failure to close Guantanamo Bay and the ramping use of drones, President Obama looks suspiciously like President Bush, a man on a quest for American Empire.
Failure too is a form of death.
Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline.
Success needs no explanation. Failure does not have one that matters.
Fear of failure has always been my best motivator.
It takes two to make a marriage a success and only one to make it a failure.
I've tried to handle winning well, so that maybe we'll win again, but I've also tried to handle failure well. If those serve as good examples for teachers and kids, then I hope that would be a contribution I have made to sport. Not just basketball, but to sport.
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
I may be a successful football player, but I feel like such a failure.
If you get into a Broadway show and it doesn't work, you're a failure. And if it does work, you may be stuck for who knows how long. It just doesn't sound great to me!
Failure to accord credit to anyone for what he may have done is a great weakness in any man.
I will not be discouraged by failure I will not be elated by success.
At first I wasn't sure that I had the talent, but I did know I had a fear of failure, and that fear compelled me to fight off anything that might abet it.
The mere thought of divorce terrified me. To me, divorce symbolized failure.
I feel, in the end, as if everything I've done has been a failure.
By far the most important factor in the success or failure of any school, far more important than tests or standards or business-model methods of accountability, is simply attracting the best-educated, most exciting young people into urban schools and keeping them there.
If you've gone into a marriage and you haven't been clear about how you're going to handle money, how you want to raise kids, who is going to work or stay home or what have you, then you've set yourself up for failure.
You can't have any successes unless you can accept failure.
Failure doesn't kill you... it increases your desire to make something happen.
It's a European Union of economic failure, of mass unemployment and of low growth.
The banking collapse was caused, more than anything, by bad government policy and the total failure of bad regulation, rather than by greed.
Failure in the theater is more dramatic and uglier than any other form of writing. It costs so much, you feel so guilty.
You have to look at the history of the Middle East in particular. It has been one of failure and frustration, of feudalism and tribalism.
Hollywood... a city I was to come back to time and again, in sickness and in health, in success and in failure, with anticipation and with dread.
I've had a lot of success I've had failures, so I learn from the failure.
The most tragic paradox of our time is to be found in the failure of nation-states to recognize the imperatives of internationalism.
There's a difference between a failure and a fiasco... a fiasco is a disaster of mythic proportions.
Life is so fresh, life is every day so new if we are fighting, only for the best. Sometimes I think the only real satisfaction in life is failure, failure in your endeavor to do your best.
Rather than viewing a brief relapse back to inactivity as a failure, treat it as a challenge and try to get back on track as soon as possible.
If you have a level of expectation in your life that you have to be a quote-unquote star, whatever that means, you might be setting yourself up for failure.
Unless we practice conservation, those who come after us will have to pay the price of misery, degradation, and failure for the progress and prosperity of our day.
Civilization is a failure. We need to think what we can do together in love and peace.
Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success.
Failure is an enigma. You worry about it, and it teaches you something.
Nixon's grand mistake was his failure to understand that Americans are forgiving, and if he had admitted error early and apologized to the country, he would have escaped.
I failed the LSAT. Basically, if I had not failed, I'd have been a lawyer and there would be no Spanx. I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating.
Even when you have doubts, take that step. Take chances. Mistakes are never a failure - they can be turned into wisdom.
If you try to do your best there is no failure.
The failure to read good books both enfeebles the vision and strengthens our most fatal tendency - the belief that the here and now is all there is.
My only failure was the restaurant in Myrtle Beach. I kept it open for four years. It was in a tourist town, it was only busy four and half, five months of the year. But the bills kept coming all year.
I was never afraid of failure after that because, I think, coming that close to death you get kissed. With the years, the actual experience of course fades, but the flavor of it doesn't. I just had a real sense of what choice do I have but to live fully?
There is no middle ground in Hollywood you're a failure or you're a success. That mentality is wild.
It's not that we fly by the seat of our pants. We're not afraid of failure.
I find writing very difficult. It's hard and it hurts sometimes, and it's scary because of the fear of failure and the very unpleasant feeling that you may have reached the limit of your abilities.
I think success has no rules, but you can learn a great deal from failure.
My biggest failure is I have too many to talk about.
Some people will go to the opening of an envelope. They live their lives in the public eye and get off on it, they need it. They need that kind of adoration. If their name isn't in the tabloids once a week they feel like a failure.
Coming to terms with the fact that my marriage was a failure was devastating and very difficult.
I fear that our true motivation is about oil and our own flailing economy about the failure to destroy Al Qaeda and about revenge.
So it is in poetry. All we ask is that the mood recorded shall impress us as having been of the kind that exhausts the imaginative capacity if it fails to do this the failure will announce itself either in prose or in insignificant verse.
The man who has won millions at the cost of his conscience is a failure.
Well, I think it's too early to call Fallujah a failure.
The main reason for the failure of the modern medical science is that it is dealing with results and not causes. Nothing more than the patching up of those attacked and the burying of those who are slain, without a thought being given to the real strong hold.
You shouldn't be afraid of failure - when something fails, you think, 'What did I learn from that experience? I can do better next time.' Then kill that project and move on to the next. Don't get disappointed.
I'm fully aware that things that resonate and become real hits are the exception to the rule, so much so that I've wired myself for failure.
Before I was married, I didn't consider my failure to manage even basic hand tools a feminist inadequacy. I thought it had more to do with being Jewish. The Jews I knew growing up didn't do 'do-it-yourself.' When my father needed to hammer something he generally used his shoe, and the only real tool he owned was a pair of needle-nose pliers.
We all struggle with our failure to communicate and our failure to reach beyond fear to love people.
I don't have a fear factor. Well, not much of one. And I'm willing to risk quite a lot - as a comedian, you're always risking a lot. You're risking failure, especially if you're improvising and going on TV shows trying to make comedy out of thin air. That is quite a risky business.
We now live in a world where the only thing to have is success, but failure is marvelous. It's fertiliser, it's like living fertiliser, because you're forced on yourself.
I'm kind of a failure. I mean, I'll be honest. I'm successful in that I'm getting to work on great stuff, but I think I'm a failure in all the personal stuff that is most important to me.
I get asked, 'How can you have such failures in your films?' Well, what else is life about? There's some sense of constant failure in something. Humor gives you a distance from it.
Among all the tests President Obama faced in his first term, his biggest failure was climate change.
The failure to dissect the cause of war leaves us open for the next installment.
The higher the artist, the fewer the gestures. The fewer the tools, the greater the imagination. The greater the will, the greater the secret failure.
Divorce is so common and accepted in America that beating myself up over it may sound ridiculous. But I was raised to believe that divorce wasn't an option to me, divorce equaled failure. I wasn't able to change that equation until I found myself in the right relationship.
America traditionally represents the greatest possibility of someone's going from nothing to something. Why? In theory, if not practice, the government stays out of the way and lets individuals take risks and reap rewards or accept the consequences of failure. We call this capitalism - or, at least, we used to.
We're born with success. It is only others who point out our failures, and what they attribute to us as failure.
There's something to be said for failing. It's not the failure you feel, it's the failure that people project when something disappoints. You're back to ground zero, where there's no expectations, and that's where I like to be.
The biggest problem in my life is trying to be the kind of man that I want to be, the father that I want to be, and how to process the failure of my marriage.
I assume everything I do in life is gonna be a failure, and then if it turns up roses, then I'm psyched.
I was convicted of three misdemeanors of willful failure to file a form.
He who has conquered doubt and fear has conquered failure.
People in the business will stay with you through drugs and alcohol and divorces and insanity and everything else, but you have a failure, pal, and they don't want to know nothing about you!
If you're not a born-again Christian, you're a failure as a human being.
War is something Arafat sends others to do for him. That is, the poor souls who believe in him. This pompous incompetent caused the failure of the Camp David negotiations, Clinton's mediation.
The failure of the Russian Socialist Republic will be the defeat of the proletariat of the whole world.
Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a factor that decides between success and failure.
Attempt something so impossible that unless God is in it, it's doomed to failure.
In tennis, it is not the opponent you fear, it is the failure itself, knowing how near you were but just out of reach.
I don't think there's any way it could have failed. We don't know failure in this band. We didn't know failure. We got to know it a little after awhile but at that time there was no such word.
When you experience a failure as a leader, don't hide it - talk about it. Your missed opportunity will encourage others to take risks.
Unwillingness to risk failure is always there, but it gets harder when you feel you have more to lose.
Admitting failure is quite cleansing, but never - pleasurable.
Los Angeles was an impression of failure, of disappointment, of despair, and of oddly makeshift lives. This is California? I thought.
Taxation is the price we pay for failing to build a civilized society. The higher the tax level, the greater the failure. A centrally planned totalitarian state represents a complete defeat for the civilized world, while a totally voluntary society represents its ultimate success.
Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success.
One must never assume that a character is sympathetic because of either the actor playing them or the fact that they're a lead. I think that's a recipe for failure, actually, because if they become unsympathetic, you lose your audience.
Failure? Scared to death of it.
I've always believed that it's important to show a new look periodically. Predictability can lead to failure.
I have always believed that it's important to show a new look periodically. Predictability can lead to failure.
My films seem to be about men's struggle with failure.
I don't want to feel like a failure to my daughter. She's the best thing I've ever done. Buffy - pretty great and all, but Charlotte's way better.
I'm not scared of anything in particular, but I am motivated by a fear of failure as opposed to a need to succeed.
I failed first grade, which is my biggest problem. You always feel like a failure, like you're stupid.
My story of success and failure is not just about music and being famous. It's about living and loving and trying to find purpose in this crazy world.
Failure is the most terrible thing in our business. When we fail, the whole world knows about it.
Outward failure may be a manifested variant of inward success.
Of course, Third World leaders love you. By ascribing third world ills to First World sins, you absolve them of blame for their countries' failure to advance.
I didn't fear failure. I expected failure.
I think I've always been somebody, since the deaths of my father and brother, who was afraid to hope. So, I was more prepared for failure and for rejection than for success.
In a sense it might even be said that our failure is to form habits: for, after all, habit is relative to a stereotyped world, and meantime it is only the roughness of the eye that makes two persons, things, situations, seem alike.
The attributes for entrepreneurs cut both ways. You need the ability to ignore inconvenient facts and see the world as it should be and not as it is. This inspires people to take huge leaps of faith. But this blindness to facts can be a liability, too. The characteristics that help entrepreneurs succeed can also lead to their failure.
I can't say I'm not grateful to have journalists writing about me as a genius. But I know it's not true. I'm not confused. I understand that success comes through a lot of failure and a lot of very embarrassing failure. People want to create the next Facebook, but they are too afraid to create the next Facemash.
Start-ups make so many mistakes that the challenge to identify the root cause of a failure is tough. But believing in your own plan is probably the worst.
Questioning the nature and implications of liminal instances necessarily involves failure, if only in the specifically technical sense of entering spaces where prevailing criteria of success scarcely apply.
There would seem to be a limit, even for an art preoccupied with boundaries and transgressions, beyond which a work reaches its breaking point and becomes an actual failure, a mere experimentation.
None of us is guaranteed against failure or corruption of any kind witness what's going on in the world in this moment, the follies of human nature and the failures of human nature.
In Iraq we must succeed. Failure is not an option.
Schools don't really allow failure and yet it's a valid part of any endeavour, not just writing.
Ambitious failure, magnificent failure, is a very good thing.
My Brat Pack buddies and I didn't exactly handle celebrity very well. Success at an early age is far more difficult to handle than failure.
With failure, you just try again.
Sadness is a super important thing not to be ashamed about but to include in our lives. One of the bigger problems with sadness or depression is there's so much shame around it. If you have it you're a failure. You are felt as being very unattractive.
We do not know, in most cases, how far social failure and success are due to heredity, and how far to environment. But environment is the easier of the two to improve.
The paranoiac is the exact image of the ruler. The only difference is their position in the world. One might even think the paranoiac the more impressive of the two because he is sufficient unto himself and cannot be shaken by failure.
All I can do will only ever be a faint image of what I see and my success will always be less than my failure or perhaps equal to the failure.
As might be supposed, my parents were quite poor, but we somehow never seemed to lack anything we needed, and I never saw a trace of discontent or a failure in cheerfulness over their lot in life, as indeed over anything.
But if you have a solid walk with the Lord, then you won't fear that failure.
When you're fearless, you take more risks because you're less conscious of failure or what can go wrong.
The success and the failure are not my concern, but His.
We do not realise that we are children of eternity. If we did, then success would be no success, and failure would be no failure to us.
Success is not forever and failure isn't fatal.
I find fault with my children because I like them and I want them to go places - uprightness and strength and courage and civil respect and anything that affects the probabilities of failure on the part of those that are closest to me, that concerns me - I find fault.
I hate how box-office failures are blamed on an actress, yet I don't see a box-office failure blamed on men.
As efforts to fix this failure at the Veterans Administration continue, I also intend to persist in demanding answers and action on the establishment of a new clinic to serve the veterans in North Central Washington.
How one handles success or failure is determined by their early childhood.
I think everyone shares a fear of failure - that you're only as good as your most recent collection. That's definitely a fear, but it's a fear that fuels me, that makes me want to work harder, that makes me take on more challenges.
Is anarchism possible? The failure of attempts to attain freedom does not mean the cause is lost.
When an action is once done, it is right or wrong for ever no accidental failure of its good or evil fruits can possibly alter that.
The difference between a beautifully made failure and a beautifully made hit is who you've got playing the leads.
In God's world, for those who are in earnest, there is no failure. No work truly done, no word earnestly spoken, no sacrifice freely made, was ever made in vain.
If I didn't have children, I think my life would be a failure.
Every book I've written has been a different attempt to understand something, and the success or failure of the previous one is irrelevant. I write the book I want.
We feel a lot of pressure about looking silly or appearing weak, whatever that means, or being a failure. You have to keep in your head: what's the worst that can happen?
I'm living life as best I can - but I'm not exempt from failure and making bad choices.
Failure, it is thought, is what sells, and what people want to hear and read about. I am not so sure.
There is an increasingly pervasive sense not only of failure, but of futility. The legislative process has become a cruel shell game and the service system has become a bureaucratic maze, inefficient, incomprehensible, and inaccessible.
I think I've failed every test I've ever taken. If there was a failure I would have been it.
I believe only in art and failure.
It's not a very high failure rate if you choose people that you really like the sound of.
Thoughtless risks are destructive, of course, but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity.
The failure in Ohio to have adequate voting capacity for the people who were registered and eligible to vote was an absolute denial of their right to vote.
It's how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success.
This is true enough, but success is the next best thing to happiness, and if you can't be happy as a success, it's very unlikely that you would find a deeper, truer happiness in failure.
It's not about failure it's about trying something and risking something for attaining your goal.
Definitely, it's a fear of failure that drives me.
The great thing about baseball is the causality is easy to determine and it always falls on the shoulders of one person. So there is absolute responsibility. That's why baseball is psychologically the cruelest sport and why it really requires psychological resources to play baseball - because you have to learn to live with failure.
Americans, who make more of marrying for love than any other people, also break up more of their marriages, but the figure reflects not so much the failure of love as the determination of people not to live without it.
The failure of The Cable Guy impacted my career. I had to start writing and acting again.
No failure in America, whether of love or money, is ever simple it is always a kind of betrayal, of a mass of shadowy, shared hopes.
The key to accepting responsibility for your life is to accept the fact that your choices, every one of them, are leading you inexorably to either success or failure, however you define those terms.
The failure of Christianity in the areas west from Sicily was even greater, and was increased by the spread of Arab outlooks and influence to that area, and especially to Spain.
It is hard as an American to support the failure of American military operations in Iraq. Such failure will bring with it the death and wounding of many American service members, and many more Iraqis.
I understand the harsh feelings and sentiments from my opponents and their supporters because I myself have been defeated twice in my political life in the past and I understand very well it is hard to accept your own failure.
That's the conundrum of cartoon stripping, as opposed to political cartoons. When your anger is the driving force of your drawing hand, failure follows. The anger is OK, but it has to serve the interests of the heart, frankly.
Sometimes people call me a success for all the reasons that make me think I'm a failure.
We judged that a sudden, disorderly failure of Bear would have brought with it unpredictable but severe consequences for the functioning of the broader financial system and the broader economy, with lower equity prices, further downward pressure on home values, and less access to credit for companies and households.
Failure is unfortunately as common as success.
What we've got here is a failure to communicate.
You must not demand the failure of your peers, because the more good things that are around in film, in television, in theater - why the better it is for all of us.
In a crowded marketplace, fitting in is a failure. In a busy marketplace, not standing out is the same as being invisible.
So nevertheless, what I'm saying is that what one is - one's parameters are constantly narrowed by one's success, and my desire is to widen my field even if I risk failure.
I constantly experience failure in that my work is never as good as I want it to be. So I live with failure.
I'm very comfortable with failure. I'm very comfortable being the guy who disappoints people.
As soon as I did my first five minutes of stand-up I knew that I would rather be a failure at comedy than a success in marketing.
Philanthropic colonization is a failure. National colonization will succeed.
I don't need to be looking at every failure of government, I need to be looking where failure of government needs reform.
I think it's one of the main negative emotional ingredients that fuels show business, because there's so much at stake and the fear of failure looms large.
Well, the idea is that failure is an inevitable partner on the road to success and, if you're not willing to confront failure, you can never find out how good you are.
Beside every great success are the seeds of enormous failure. In every failure, there's the opportunity seeds of great success. They're not miles apart. So if they're that close together, and if you're really working, you're always gonna have that likelihood that something's not going to work.
Our failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq thus far has been deeply troubling, and our intelligence-gathering process needs thorough and unbiased investigation.
The very reasons sometimes that you make a film are the reasons for its failure.
Feminism is doomed to failure because it is based on an attempt to repeal and restructure human nature.
The only reason my work seems to be eclectic up to a certain period is because I was a failure as an actor.
Foreign aid is neither a failure nor a panacea. It is, instead, an important tool of American policy that can serve the interests of the United States and the world if wisely administered.
I have never described the time I was in Doctor Who as anything except a kind of ecstatic success, but all the rest has been rather a muddle and a disappointment. Compared to Doctor Who, it has been an outrageous failure really - it's so boring.
I'd like to see much more understanding of emotional issues around hurt, abandonment, disappointment, longing, failure and shame, where they stem from and how they drive people and policies brought into public discourse.
I met Ashley two weeks before I married him. It was a joke-the most ridiculous thing I've ever done. Once I was married, I didn't want to be a failure, so I stuck it out for six months, which was about six months too long.
Their lives have been largely defined by failure and you would think the prospect of marriage, which is supposed to be bountiful and hopeful, it's just really another kind of tangential thing in his life.
But all actors go through the process, it's hit and miss, you have achievement and failure.
So I try not to have any actual expectations for myself for any level of success or failure.
A Failure in this Duty did once involve our Nation in all the Horrors of Rebellion and Civil War.
Students rarely disappoint teachers who assure them in advance that they are doomed to failure.
Success is a public affair. Failure is a private funeral.
Washington, D.C. is what is broken, not the immigration policies. We have good laws. We have people suffer every day because of government's failure to enforce the law and be respectful to the process we have. We have a pathway to citizenship already in place.
The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan.
One of the biggest problems with the modern feminist movement is its failure to bring men along with us.
You can't be afraid of failure and you can't be afraid of success, because either one gets in the way of your work.
So the poet, who wants to be something that he cannot be, and is a failure in plain life, makes up fictitious versions of his predicament that are interesting even to other persons because nobody is a perfect automobile salesman.
We have actually experienced in recent months a dramatic demonstration of an unprecedented intelligence failure, perhaps the most significant intelligence failure in the history of the United States.
I think that failure by your own standards is certainly a form of success.
Before this government came to power, many failing schools were simply allowed to drift on in a pattern of continuing failure. The government is determined to break that pattern and is successfully doing so.
I saw why people died and how they died. I saw gunshot wounds and liver failure. It was a good learning experience, so I came regularly on weekends and holidays.
The pressures are intense, because the rewards for success and the penalty for failure are more and more.
My failure, during the first five or six years of my art training, to get set in the right direction, and the disappointment which it caused me, drove me the more persistently into writing as an alternative.
I've had great success and I've had catastrophic failure. It's really how you handle the rough stuff that defines you, I think.
Failure to properly control our borders costs citizens in many ways: schools become overcrowded, medical resources are stretched too thin, other government services are overtaxed, and taxes increase further.
Failure and things of this sort - you can take it one of two ways. You can either let that hurt you and really affect the way that you live your life in the future, or you can use that as an opportunity for growth.
What we have most to fear is failure of the heart.
Nothing succeeds, they say, like success. And certainly nothing fails like failure.
War, except in self-defense, is a failure of moral imagination.
I think there's something quite interesting about the almost tragic quality of a lot of overwrought prose, because it has a much more self-conscious awareness of its own failure to touch the real.
I don't know many people, if any, who have had some straight line toward success. I mean, they start here, they work hard, they've got what it takes, and they just go straight to the top over some number of years. Most people get a little failure.
The reason was the failure of both Japan and China to understand each other and the inability of America and the European powers to sympathize, without prejudice, with the peoples of East Asia.
There's no such thing as failure - just waiting for success.
The carrying out of the Potsdam Agreement has, however, been obstructed by the failure of the Allied Control Council to take the necessary steps to enable the German economy to function as an economic unit.
We go there with confidence, but we know there is a very fine line between success and failure in this game.
The moral turpitude of the boys of today appears to center in their failure to concentrate on any particular objective long enough to obtain their maximum results.
War is failure of diplomacy.
Failure is what we're all running from, we're always running toward success with failure at our back.
I feel that 'The Great Failure' is really a book written out of great love and a willingness to face all of who a human being is.
Our failure to properly deal with Germany and Japan early cost the world dearly later on. We dare not make the same mistake with China.
I was brought up to believe that there is no such thing as failure as long as I'm trying my best. So I've had a 'blood, guts and glory' approach through my whole life.
Well, I think first of all there was a failure to have real, clear information at our disposal. There was a real lack of situational awareness. We didn't have the capabilities on the ground to give us real-time, accurate assessments of the physical condition of the city.
My big philosophy is: Try and work with good people, because the process is your life. That's going to be really, really hard. I'm glad I learned the lesson, 'Failure is OK.'
I wish I had been more prepared, both for success and for failure, when I was younger.
You can be discouraged by failure, or you can learn from it. So go ahead and make mistakes, make all you can. Because, remember that's where you'll find success - on the far side of failure.
But if you look at WorldCom, which is the biggest failure to date, they grew dramatically, they were buying companies that were bigger than they were and they were doing it off inflated stock.
There comes a point in your moviegoing life where you look at the screen and then you look at the world and you ask, 'What is going on?' You want the movies to show you the chaos and mess and risk and failure that are normal for a lot of us. Generally, the movies hide all of that.
Jobs for every American is doomed to failure because of modern automation and production. We ought to recognize it and create an income-maintenance system so every single American has the dignity and the wherewithal for shelter, basic food, and medical care. I'm talking about welfare for all. Without it, you're going to have warfare for all.
To begin to think with purpose, is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to attainment.
I think somehow you need to get to a certain point in your life where the notion of failure is absurd.
Don't come home a failure.
The greatest failure is that although we have created institutions, we have not created a civil society.
I've become a professional failure - in order to pay the mortgage I have to remain unemployed. Luckily, a disaster always seems to befall me at exactly the right moment.
America thinks of itself as a meritocracy, so people have more respect for success and more contempt for failure.
In Britain, by contrast, we still think that class plays a part in determining a person's life chances, so we're less inclined to celebrate success and less inclined to condemn failure. The upshot is that it's much easier to be a failure in Britain than it is in America.
Critics? Don't talk to me of critics! You think some jackanapes journalist, his soul eaten away by the maggots of jealousy and failure, has anything worthwhile to say of art? I don't.
Success is always less funny than failure.
Most employees want to be involved in a successful business and most employees are happy for people running successful businesses to be paid a reasonable wage and a market rate for it, provided they understand the reason. What they hate most of all is pay for failure.
His advice to me is basically to just love what you do and don't let the fear of failure stop you.
The hippy movement was a failure.
Acting allows me the freedom to let go, to be in the moment, to be spontaneous. I no longer have the fear of losing, of failure.
There was a failure to recognize the deep problems in AI for instance, those captured in Blocks World. The people building physical robots learned nothing.
Twenty million more have Chronic Kidney Disease, where patients experience a gradual deterioration of kidney function, the end result of which is kidney failure.
I've always embraced failure as a noble pursuit. It allows you to be anti whatever anyone wants you to be, and to break all the rules.
Art school had taught me it was far better to be a flamboyant failure than any kind of benign success.
What matters is this: Being fearless of failure arms you to break the rules. In doing so, you may change the culture and just possibly, for a moment, change life itself.
Everyone should be commended for allowing people to make disasters, to make failures - you've just got to be sure that it's a magnificent failure and that, by creating a magnificent failure, you plant the seed.
The failure of the United Nations - My failure is maybe, in retrospective, that I was not enough aggressive with the members of the Security Council.
I - and I still consider myself, I'm sorry to tell you, a Marxist and a Communist, but I couldn't help noticing how all the best Marxist analyses are always analyses of a failure.
Is the proposed operation likely to succeed? What might the consequences of failure? Is it in the realm of practicability in terms of material and supplies?
My work ethic came from my parents and my fear of failure. I came from a small, predominantly black school and I didn't want to let them down.
I think he Oswald felt he was a failure and for the United States and for President Kennedy and all of us. He knew he was a failure at everything he tried, frustrated, with a very sad life, but he was a Marxist.
A film's success or failure is strictly on the director's shoulders.
Other countries, such as Israel, successfully employ behavior detection techniques at their airports, but the bloated, ineffective bureaucracy of TSA has produced another security failure for U.S. transportation systems.
Failure is nature's plan to prepare you for great responsibilities.
This attempt to isolate cell constituents might have been a failure if they had been destroyed by the relative brutality of the technique employed. But this did not happen.
Having in my life been bitten by the jaws of both victory and defeat, I must rush to add that success is to failure as butter pecan ice cream is to death.
It must not be forgotten in fairness to the National Government that apartheid is not just a policy of oppression but an attempt - in my opinion an attempt doomed to failure - to find an alternative to a policy of racial integration which is fair to both white and black.
Catastrophes are often stimulated by the failure to feel the emergence of a domain, and so what cannot be felt in the imagination is experienced as embodied sensation in the catastrophe.
America's most dangerous diseases have developed an immunity to politics. We suffer not from a failure of political organization or power, but a failure of love.
Failure's not a bad thing. It builds character. It makes you stronger.
A love of nature is a consolation against failure.
With improvisation, I just do it. It might be a total failure but then you just throw the dice again.
It has always felt like a failure that Bjorn and I couldn't keep our family together. You never get it back, but to this day I don't regret splitting up. The reason behind our separation is one of those things I definitely don't want to go into!
I made a very conscious effort to finish 'The Cypress House' before 'So Cold the River' launched, because I thought that would help build a buffer between my writing and any impact that came from either the success or the failure of that first book.
The failure of women to have reached positions of leadership has been due in large part to social and professional discrimination.
By virtually any measure, the record of the Republican Majority is an appalling failure.
Directly after the show people might have responded better to it, but who really knows. It did what it did and while it seems like a failure to most but it was a success for me and has given me so many opportunities.
Everybody keeps saying that India's a poor country. Yes, we have poverty. But I blame the government of India, the political establishment, for their failure to educate and therefore their failure to control the poverty.
Failure is good. It's fertilizer. Everything I've learned about coaching, I've learned from making mistakes.
The fear of failure is so great, it is no wonder that the desire to do right by one's children has led to a whole library of books offering advice on how to raise them.
I think you can learn as much from success as you can from failure.
The vast majority of large scale change efforts fail. Which means that the probability that you have actually experienced a failure, and your people know that and are pessimistic, therefore, about trying something again, is very high.
I believe my publisher has shown a great deal of faith in me over a lot of years but I'm not prepared to be so arrogant to say that the long-term literary value of my work would compensate them for a financial failure.
Fear comes in two packages fear of failure, and sometimes, fear of success.
But whatever my failure, I have this thing to remember - that I was a pioneer in my profession, just as my grandfathers were in theirs, in that I was the first man in this section to earn his living as a writer.
Has Bill Clinton inspired idealism in the young, as he himself was inspired by John F. Kennedy? Or has he actually reduced their idealism? Surely part of the answer lies in Clinton's personal moral lapse with Monica Lewinsky. But more important was his sin of omission - his failure to embrace a moral cause beyond popularity.
You cannot learn anything from success, you only learn from failure.
If you don't accept failure as a possibility, you don't set high goals, you don't branch out, you don't try - you don't take the risk.
The time I had waited probably made the difference between success and failure.
In our tabulation of psychoanalytic results, we have classed those who stopped treatment together with those not improved. This appears to be reasonable a patient who fails to finish his treatment, and is not improved, is surely a therapeutic failure.
The more control you have over your life, the more responsible you feel for your own success - or failure.
I'm fascinated by failure, and I'm fascinated by finality. Shakespeare's historical plays are more universal than his comedies because they relate to the finality of life. Without finality, life would not be beautiful.
Most of the work performed by a development engineer results in failure.
Our nation's Social Security Trust Fund is depleting at an alarming rate, and failure to implement immediate reforms endangers the ability of Americans to plan for their retirement with the options and certainty they deserve.
I have experienced failure as a politician and for that very reason, I am ready to give everything for Japan.
To me, all war is failure for humanity, though it often is a bounty for commerce.
I know acts and I'm not going to name names but these people sold ten million copies the first time and the second album sells three million and it's considered a failure and they're dropped and that's really a shame.
Even in a gleefully negative comic, there is optimism, although it's slightly hidden: It comes out through a comic character's sheer tenacity. He keeps going and trying to find some sort of fulfillment regardless of his perpetual failure record. That's a form of hope, a form of optimism. Really hokey I know, but it's true.
Over the next four years, we will be bold. We will be willing to experiment. We will not fear failure.
Feeling is the consciousness of the resulting conditions - of success, failure, equilibrium, compromise or balance, in this continuous rivalry of ideas.
Success breeds success, and failure leads to a sort of fallow period.
I went to a motivational training course once, a course of self-discovery, and I found out after a week that my fear - it was not a fear of not being accepted - was a very violent fear of failure.
There is always time for failure.
You accept failure as a possible outcome of some of the experiments. If you don't get failures, you're not pushing hard enough on the objectives.
Successful entrepreneurs find the balance between listening to their inner voice and staying persistent in driving for success - because sometimes success is waiting right across from the transitional bump that's disguised as failure.
In the business world today, failure is apparently not an option. We need to change this attitude toward failure - and celebrate the idea that only by falling on our collective business faces do we learn enough to succeed down the road.
Something is wanting, and something must be done, or we shall be involved in all the horror of failure, and civil war without a prospect of its termination.
Mr. Gonzales' failure to respond to questions legitimately posed to him by the Senate raises grave doubts in my mind as to his fitness to serve the people of the United States as their Attorney General.
In the different voice of women lies the truth of an ethic of care, the tie between relationship and responsibility, and the origins of aggression in the failure of connection.
At the end of the day I have always seen the end of my relationships as a personal failure. There is nothing ever pretty in saying goodbye.
The success or failure of a life, as far as posterity goes, seems to lie in the more or less luck of seizing the right moment of escape.
American democracy must be a failure because it places the supreme authority in the hands of the poorest and most ignorant part of the society.
It was an interesting question as to whether the BBC had a future in the digital world, and what form of market failure could justify the licence fee system.
The fact that The Bridge contains folk lore and other material suitable to the epic form need not therefore prove its failure as a long lyric poem, with interrelated sections.
Learning starts with failure the first failure is the beginning of education.
It's a failure of national vision when you regard children as weapons, and talents as materials you can mine, assay, and fabricate for profit and defense.
Most people think of success and failure as opposites, but they both are products of the same process.
I've learned to think in terms of having a long career. Actors can have very long careers that last until the day we die, but there will be moments when you'll feel like you're a failure or when you're disappointed in yourself.
The dream is real, my friends. The failure to realize it is the only unreality.
Why do we capital-N Nerds love Mars so much? Because it's beautiful, it's tough, it's buried in our mythic, childhood memories. It's covered with human triumphs but also with sad stories of failure.
Humanitarian missions are little different from any other public enterprise, diplomacy included, which is susceptible of misinterpretation by the public, hence ultimately of failure.
My film directorial career has been nothing but repetition of one failure after another!
We decided to try in vitro, because both Peter and I felt we couldn't handle another failure. When I miscarried after that, we had to come to terms with the possibility that this wasn't meant to be.
There is only one real failure in life that is possible, and that is, not to be true to the best one knows.
When I got Jacob's Latter, I was nervous because I felt I wasn't allowed to fail. I felt that they were waiting for one little failure and that would prove them right and I'd be,'out of there.'
A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.
The failure of women to produce genius of the first rank in most of the supreme forms of human effort has been used to block the way of all women of talent and ambition for intellectual achievement.
Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something.
One failure is worth seven and a half successes.
Nothing fails like failure.
As a younger player, you always kind of play with that fear of failure.
Y'know, the real reason why I was such a failure in the sense of being unable to make any sort of a living was because I was really not motivated. I had no motivation.
I rise today to offer a formal and heartfelt apology to all the victims of lynching in our history, and for the failure of the United States Senate to take action when action was most needed.
I've criticized President Bush for his failure to use his veto pen. There's plenty of blame to go around. The question is how to solve problems. It's not bailouts. What made America great? Free markets, free enterprise, manufacturing, job creation. That's how we're gonna do it, not by enlarging government.
You have to risk failure to succeed. The important thing is not to make one single mistake that will jeopardize the future.
If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate.
The sentiments in Hawaii about Washington's failure of leadership are no different than the rest of the country.
Slowly the poison the whole blood stream fills. It is not the effort nor the failure tires. The waste remains, the waste remains and kills.
It breaks my heart to see these young, really talented bands getting chewed up into the system. I remember a time if you'd signed to a major label it was such a sell out! But now... unless you've signed to a big label, you're a failure now.
Our managers hadn't had that kind of success - the record company hadn't, we hadn't - and the feeling was that the next record had to be even bigger, and if it wasn't it would be some kind of failure.
With engineering, I view this year's failure as next year's opportunity to try it again. Failures are not something to be avoided. You want to have them happen as quickly as you can so you can make progress rapidly.
The assertion of failure coming from such persons does not mean that Mr. Mill failed to promote the practical success of those objects the advocacy of which forms the chief feature of his political writings.
I knew that there were several, among African-American leaders, who had been put out by me because of my failure or reluctance to endorse Sen. Kerry.
I simply don't believe in failure. In itself, it doesn't exist. We create it. We make ourselves fail.
I grew up playing sports. There is a clear line between success and failure.
At the root of many a woman's failure to become a great cook lies her failure to develop a workmanlike regard for knives.
I think our failure in the production of good town churches of distinctive character must have struck you often, as it has me, when contrasted with our comparative success in country churches.
And obviously, with hindsight now, now knowing what went on in the company, it would have been absolutely appropriate back then for us to have the chief executive of the company, most senior person in the United Kingdom, come and answer for the policy they were pursuing. And we ducked that, and frankly that's a failure of Parliament.
Sometimes you learn more from failure than you do from success, and in some ways it's better to have failure at the beginning of your career, or your life.
Divorce is never a pleasant experience. You look upon it as a failure. But I learned to be a different person once we broke up. Sometimes you learn more from failure than you do from success.
Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding.
We are equally glad and surprised at Winston's return to office. It shows that he was built for success that he should have declined to withdraw and sulk over a superficial failure.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
After that he turned to the question of invading England. Hitler said that during the previous year he could not afford to risk a possible failure apart from that, he had not wished to provoke the British, as he hoped to arrange peace talks.
In Washington, success is just a training course for failure.
Never permit failure to become a habit.
Failure is not a crime. The crime is not trying.
Failure and its accompanying misery is for the artist his most vital source of creative energy.
I had to succeed. Failure means I would have to be homeless again.
Educational institutes can no longer be prizes in church politics or furnish berths for failure in other walks of life.
There's tons of creative people in television that have one failure after another, and they just step up higher. I could never get over that. When I had a failure, there was no such thing as just getting over it.
Spend enough time around success and failure, and you learn a reverence for possibility.
Sometimes a noble failure serves the world as faithfully as a distinguished success.
It is commonly said that a teacher fails if he has not been surpassed by his students. There has been no failure on our part in this regard considering how far they have gone.
Ken Lay has, does and will continue to accept responsibility for the fall of Enron. He was the man at the controls. But failure is not a crime.
I think the greatest taboos in America are faith and failure.
Success and failure are greatly overrated. But failure gives you a whole lot more to talk about.
Don't take too much comfort in the fact that you're successful today because tomorrow could bring failure. There's no surety in life.
It really is impossible not to like him. His success was his failure.
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure.
Failure is not fatal victory is not success.
There's only one thing that can guarantee our failure, and that's if we quit.
The Soviet Union did not achieve victory over the West, so was my information inadequate to help them to victory, or did it play no particular role in their failure to achieve victory?
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
All who call on God in true faith, earnestly from the heart, will certainly be heard, and will receive what they have asked and desired.
Before the throne of the Almighty, man will be judged not by his acts but by his intentions. For God alone reads our hearts.
That deep emotional conviction of the presence of a superior reasoning power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God.
The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen.
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
God always takes the simplest way.
When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance.
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.
Faith is a knowledge within the heart, beyond the reach of proof.
If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time. And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm.
As your faith is strengthened you will find that there is no longer the need to have a sense of control, that things will flow as they will, and that you will flow with them, to your great delight and benefit.
God didn't make a mistake when He made you. You need to see yourself as God sees you.
God will never give you anything you can't handle, so don't stress.
A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything.
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light.
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
Faith is to believe what you do not see the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.
God, our Creator, has stored within our minds and personalities, great potential strength and ability. Prayer helps us tap and develop these powers.
If fear is cultivated it will become stronger, if faith is cultivated it will achieve mastery.
Faith: not wanting to know what is true.
I gave in, and admitted that God was God.
We are never defeated unless we give up on God.
A man of courage is also full of faith.
Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.
Now, God be praised, that to believing souls gives light in darkness, comfort in despair.
Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith.
Belief is a wise wager. Granted that faith cannot be proved, what harm will come to you if you gamble on its truth and it proves false? If you gain, you gain all if you lose, you lose nothing. Wager, then, without hesitation, that He exists.
We have one life it soon will be past what we do for God is all that will last.
Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul man cannot live in health without them.
He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.
God enters by a private door into every individual.
Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you.
In the affairs of this world, men are saved not by faith, but by the want of it.
Nor shall derision prove powerful against those who listen to humanity or those who follow in the footsteps of divinity, for they shall live forever. Forever.
Our faith comes in moments our vice is habitual.
The faith that stands on authority is not faith.
To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible.
Pray, and let God worry.
A faith is a necessity to a man. Woe to him who believes in nothing.
I am still far from being what I want to be, but with God's help I shall succeed.
Faith is a living, daring confidence in God's grace, so sure and certain that a man could stake his life on it a thousand times.
Be a sinner and sin strongly, but more strongly have faith and rejoice in Christ.
Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark.
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.
Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man.
Believers, look up - take courage. The angels are nearer than you think.
In faith there is enough light for those who want to believe and enough shadows to blind those who don't.
Physical strength can never permanently withstand the impact of spiritual force.
God... a being whose only definition is that he is beyond man's power to conceive.
I have not lost faith in God. I have moments of anger and protest. Sometimes I've been closer to him for that reason.
If you have God on your side, everything becomes clear.
Faith has to do with things that are not seen and hope with things that are not at hand.
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation.
Faith means belief in something concerning which doubt is theoretically possible.
Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.
Put your nose into the Bible everyday. It is your spiritual food. And then share it. Make a vow not to be a lukewarm Christian.
Faith is a passionate intuition.
Faith is spiritualized imagination.
Faith is not simply a patience that passively suffers until the storm is past. Rather, it is a spirit that bears things - with resignations, yes, but above all, with blazing, serene hope.
A wise ruler ought never to keep faith when by doing so it would be against his interests.
Faith and doubt both are needed - not as antagonists, but working side by side to take us around the unknown curve.
Have faith in God God has faith in you.
Faith indeed tells what the senses do not tell, but not the contrary of what they see. It is above them and not contrary to them.
God never made a promise that was too good to be true.
You were made by God and for God, and until you understand that, life will never make sense.
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control.
Ask those who love Him with a sincere love, and they will tell you that they find no greater or prompter relief amid the troubles of their life than in loving conversation with their Divine Friend.
I live and love in God's peculiar light.
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards.
God continues to work miracles in my life.
And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.
He wants you all to Himself to put His loving, divine arms around you.
To me faith means not worrying.
We can no more do without spirituality than we can do without food, shelter, or clothing.
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.
The only faith that wears well and holds its color in all weathers is that which is woven of conviction and set with the sharp mordant of experience.
The power of faith will often shine forth the most when the character is naturally weak.
Keep the faith, don't lose your perseverance and always trust your gut extinct.
Faith, to my mind, is a stiffening process, a sort of mental starch.
Keep your faith in God, but keep your powder dry.
Reason is our soul's left hand, faith her right.
A man filled with the love of God is not content with blessing his family alone, but ranges through the whole world, anxious to bless the whole human race.
Ultimately, blind faith is the only kind.
Man, I just feel blessed... I was in a situation where the only way I could come out of it was by putting my faith in God. No matter how good my lawyers were, no matter how much celebrity I had, everything was just stacked up against me.
Worry is spiritual short sight. Its cure is intelligent faith.
Faith is the very first thing you should pack in a hope chest.
What does God the Father look like? Although I've never seen Him, I believe - as with the Holy Spirit - He looks like Jesus looked on earth.
It takes vision and courage to create - it takes faith and courage to prove.
Knowledge is only one half. Faith is the other.
It is truer to say that martyrs create faith more than faith creates martyrs.
I hold that religion and faith are two different things.
My reason nourishes my faith and my faith my reason.
Love, hope, fear, faith - these make humanity These are its sign and note and character.
All that I am I owe to Jesus Christ, revealed to me in His divine Book.
We are a long time in learning that all our strength and salvation is in God.
I die the king's faithful servant, but God's first.
I seek a deeper truth, but I don't think I have to go to a building designated for worship to find it.
Faith is reason grown courageous.
Only faith is sufficient.
Faith is not a thing which one 'loses,' we merely cease to shape our lives by it.
No matter how old we become, we can still call them 'Holy Mother' and 'Father' and put a child-like trust in them.
My heart hath often been deeply afflicted under a feeling that the standard of pure righteousness is not lifted up to the people by us, as a society, in that clearness which it might have been, had we been as faithful as we ought to be to the teachings of Christ.
It was seldom that I attended any religious meetings, as my parents had not much faith in and were never so unfortunate as to unite themselves with any of the religious sects.
Fear is the denomination of the Old Testament belief is the denomination of the New.
Vision looks upward and becomes faith.
Faith is not contrary to reason.
I think the greatest taboos in America are faith and failure.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history.
If you have a particular faith or religion, that is good. But you can survive without it.
Lets have faith that right makes might and in that faith let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it.
Some people feel guilty about their anxieties and regard them as a defect of faith but they are afflictions, not sins. Like all afflictions, they are, if we can so take them, our share in the passion of Christ.
Trust is to human relationships what faith is to gospel living. It is the beginning place, the foundation upon which more can be built. Where trust is, love can flourish.
There is nothing that wastes the body like worry, and one who has any faith in God should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever.
My faith helps me overcome such negative emotions and find my equilibrium.
Let us be sure that those who come after will say of us in our time, that in our time we did everything that could be done. We finished the race we kept them free we kept the faith.
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself.
Faith is an oasis in the heart which will never be reached by the caravan of thinking.
Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
One of the things I learned the hard way was that it doesn't pay to get discouraged. Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.
Faith... must be enforced by reason... when faith becomes blind it dies.
My family, frankly, they weren't folks who went to church every week. My mother was one of the most spiritual people I knew but she didn't raise me in the church, so I came to my Christian faith later in life and it was because the precepts of Jesus Christ spoke to me in terms of the kind of life that I would want to lead.
Faith, there hath been many great men that have flattered the people who ne'er loved them.
Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence.
But for my faith in God, I should have been a raving maniac.
Nonviolence is the first article of my faith. It is also the last article of my creed.
Intolerance betrays want of faith in one's cause.
Fear of death makes us devoid both of valour and religion. For want of valour is want of religious faith.
Non-violence is the article of faith.
Non-violence requires a double faith, faith in God and also faith in man.
Unwearied ceaseless effort is the price that must be paid for turning faith into a rich infallible experience.
Only he can take great resolves who has indomitable faith in God and has fear of God.
To Follow by faith alone is to follow blindly.
The way to see by Faith is to shut the Eye of Reason.
I have great faith in fools self-confidence my friends call it.
We consider Christmas as the encounter, the great encounter, the historical encounter, the decisive encounter, between God and mankind. He who has faith knows this truly let him rejoice.
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.
If faith in ourselves had been more extensively taught and practiced, I am sure a very large portion of the evils and miseries that we have would have vanished.
There are many things that are essential to arriving at true peace of mind, and one of the most important is faith, which cannot be acquired without prayer.
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness.
Faith keeps many doubts in her pay. If I could not doubt, I should not believe.
Faith never makes a confession.
Believe in yourself, and the rest will fall into place. Have faith in your own abilities, work hard, and there is nothing you cannot accomplish.
It's easy to have faith in yourself and have discipline when you're a winner, when you're number one. What you got to have is faith and discipline when you're not a winner.
Faith is the great cop-out, the great excuse to evade the need to think and evaluate evidence. Faith is belief in spite of, even perhaps because of, the lack of evidence.
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.
I don't have to have faith, I have experience.
To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float.
Anyone who is to find Christ must first find the church. How could anyone know where Christ is and what faith is in him unless he knew where his believers are?
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.
Fear clogs faith liberates.
If you have no faith, you've lost your battle.
Christianity is not the faith of the complacent, the comfortable or of the timid. It demands and creates heroic souls like Wesley, Wilberforce, Bonhoeffer, John Paul the Second, and Billy Graham. Each showed, in their own way, the relentless and powerful influence of the message of Jesus Christ.
It's not the tools that you have faith in - tools are just tools. They work, or they don't work. It's people you have faith in or not. Yeah, sure, I'm still optimistic I mean, I get pessimistic sometimes but not for long.
Liberty cannot be established without morality, nor morality without faith.
Faith must trample under foot all reason, sense, and understanding.
It's not a faith in technology. It's faith in people.
Back of every creation, supporting it like an arch, is faith. Enthusiasm is nothing: it comes and goes. But if one believes, then miracles occur.
To insure the adoration of a theorem for any length of time, faith is not enough, a police force is needed as well.
Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!
My parents shared not only an improbable love, they shared an abiding faith in the possibilities of this nation. They would give me an African name, Barack, or blessed, believing that in a tolerant America your name is no barrier to success.
A person is born with feelings of envy and hate. If he gives way to them, they will lead him to violence and crime, and any sense of loyalty and good faith will be abandoned.
Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of God's grace.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
I forbid you, agnostic, doubting thoughts, to destroy the house of my faith.
People define Christianity differently. I think a large portion of our population are Christians, they're not all growing in their faith, they're not all active, but I believe that a lot of people believe in Jesus and believe that he is their Lord and Savior.
For love would be love of the wrong thing there is yet faith, But the faith and the love and the hope are all in the waiting.
You know, my faith is one that admits some doubt.
What I think is fair to say is that, coming out of the Republican camp, there have been efforts to suggest that perhaps I'm not who I say I am when it comes to my faith - something which I find deeply offensive, and that has been going on for a pretty long time.
Each party steals so many articles of faith from the other, and the candidates spend so much time making each other's speeches, that by the time election day is past there is nothing much to do save turn the sitting rascals out and let a new gang in.
Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith.
If he have faith, the believer cannot be restrained. He betrays himself. He breaks out. He confesses and teaches this gospel to the people at the risk of life itself.
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe.
Faith is permitting ourselves to be seized by the things we do not see.
Things can fall apart, or threaten to, for many reasons, and then there's got to be a leap of faith. Ultimately, when you're at the edge, you have to go forward or backward if you go forward, you have to jump together.
In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.
Reason is the enemy of faith.
Faith is the highest passion in a human being. Many in every generation may not come that far, but none comes further.
He that rebels against reason is a real rebel, but he that in defence of reason rebels against tyranny has a better title to Defender of the Faith, than George the Third.
Choose your friends with caution plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.
It strikes me as odd that the free exercise of religious faith is sometimes treated as a problem, something America is stuck with instead of blessed with.
Faith is the sense of life, that sense by virtue of which man does not destroy himself, but continues to live on. It is the force whereby we live.
The children have been a wonderful gift to me, and I'm thankful to have once again seen our world through their eyes. They restore my faith in the family's future.
Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others.
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable.
The meme for blind faith secures its own perpetuation by the simple unconscious expedient of discouraging rational inquiry.
No person I have ever met, not even the most righteous or pure of heart, has gone without those times when faith recedes in the busy-ness of life.
This President takes his inspiration from the capitals of Europe we look to the cities and small towns of America. This President puts his faith in government. We put our faith in the American people.
Men and women of every faith and good people with none at all sincerely strive to do right and lead a purpose-driven life.
I slept with faith and found a corpse in my arms on awakening I drank and danced all night with doubt and found her a virgin in the morning.
There is but one cause of human failure. And that is man's lack of faith in his true Self.
A library implies an act of faith.
We must not sit still and look for miracles up and doing, and the Lord will be with thee. Prayer and pains, through faith in Christ Jesus, will do anything.
Our faith is faith in someone else's faith, and in the greatest matters this is most the case.
Whatever universe a professor believes in must at any rate be a universe that lends itself to lengthy discourse. A universe definable in two sentences is something for which the professorial intellect has no use. No faith in anything of that cheap kind!
Faith, mighty faith, the promise sees, And looks to God alone Laughs at impossibilities, And cries it shall be done.
It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live at all. And often enough our faith beforehand in an uncertified result is the only thing that makes the result come true.
Forgiveness is like faith. You have to keep reviving it.
To be an atheist requires an indefinitely greater measure of faith than to recieve all the great truths which atheism would deny.
Faith is the first factor in a life devoted to service. Without it, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.
There is nothing wrong with America that faith, love of freedom, intelligence, and energy of her citizens cannot cure.
Anybody who has been seriously engaged in scientific work of any kind realizes that over the entrance to the gates of the temple of science are written the words: 'Ye must have faith.'
Man must cease attributing his problems to his environment, and learn again to exercise his will - his personal responsibility in the realm of faith and morals.
If children understand that beliefs should be substantiated with evidence, as opposed to tradition, authority, revelation or faith, they will automatically work out for themselves that they are atheists.
Faith means living with uncertainty - feeling your way through life, letting your heart guide you like a lantern in the dark.
Faith: Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel.
No human race is superior no religious faith is inferior. All collective judgments are wrong. Only racists make them.
Not brute force but only persuasion and faith are the kings of this world.
Amidst the confusion of the times, the conflicts of conscience, and the turmoil of daily living, an abiding faith becomes an anchor to our lives.
In other words, a person who is fanatic in matters of religion, and clings to certain ideas about the nature of God and the universe, becomes a person who has no faith at all.
A great city, whose image dwells in the memory of man, is the type of some great idea. Rome represents conquest Faith hovers over the towers of Jerusalem and Athens embodies the pre-eminent quality of the antique world, Art.
It is the heart which perceives God and not the reason. That is what faith is: God perceived by the heart, not by the reason.
Love, like a chicken salad or restaurant hash, must be taken with blind faith or it loses its flavor.
No lover, if he be of good faith, and sincere, will deny he would prefer to see his mistress dead than unfaithful.
I had faith in Israel before it was established, I have in it now. I believe it has a glorious future before it - not just another sovereign nation, but as an embodiment of the great ideals of our civilization.
Only our individual faith in freedom can keep us free.
There lives more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the creeds.
Faith is different from proof the latter is human, the former is a Gift from God.
A better world shall emerge based on faith and understanding.
Talk unbelief, and you will have unbelief but talk faith, and you will have faith. According to the seed sown will be the harvest.
Faith is much better than belief. Belief is when someone else does the thinking.
Practice means to perform, over and over again in the face of all obstacles, some act of vision, of faith, of desire. Practice is a means of inviting the perfection desired.
Faith is a state of openness or trust.
Politics is an act of faith you have to show some kind of confidence in the intellectual and moral capacity of the public.
If you desire to be pure, have firm faith, and slowly go on with your devotional practices without wasting your energy in useless scriptural discussions and arguments. Your little brain will otherwise be muddled.
Faith certainly tells us what the senses do not, but not the contrary of what they see it is above, not against them.
The parents have a right to say that no teacher paid by their money shall rob their children of faith in God and send them back to their homes skeptical, or infidels, or agnostics, or atheists.
I have an almost complete disregard of precedent, and a faith in the possibility of something better. It irritates me to be told how things have always been done. I defy the tyranny of precedent. I go for anything new that might improve the past.
I'm grateful to God for His bountiful gifts... He gave me courage and faith in myself.
It is a masterpiece of the devil to make us believe that children cannot understand religion. Would Christ have made a child the standard of faith if He had known that it was not capable of understanding His words?
Faith embraces many truths which seem to contradict each other.
We like security: we like the pope to be infallible in matters of faith, and grave doctors to be so in moral questions so that we can feel reassured.
Painting is a faith, and it imposes the duty to disregard public opinion.
Question: Why are we Masters of our Fate, the captains of our souls? Because we have the power to control our thoughts, our attitudes. That is why many people live in the withering negative world. That is why many people live in the Positive Faith world.
Duty cannot exist without faith.
No matter how corrupt and unjust a convict may be, he loves fairness more than anything else. If the people placed over him are unfair, from year to year he lapses into an embittered state characterized by an extreme lack of faith.
Blind faith, no matter how passionately expressed, will not suffice. Science for its part will test relentlessly every assumption about the human condition.
It is a great consolation for me to remember that the Lord, to whom I had drawn near in humble and child-like faith, has suffered and died for me, and that He will look on me in love and compassion.
When you're thirsty and it seems that you could drink the entire ocean that's faith when you start to drink and finish only a glass or two that's science.
Do I think faith will be an important part of being a good president? Yes, I do.
Faith and doubt cannot exist in the same mind at the same time, for one will dispel the other.
Faith moves mountains, but you have to keep pushing while you are praying.
I was very, very religious. And of course I wrote about it in 'Night.' I questioned God's silence. So I questioned. I don't have an answer for that. Does it mean that I stopped having faith? No. I have faith, but I question it.
Life is a battle between faith and reason in which each feeds upon the other, drawing sustenance from it and destroying it.
We have convinced over one billion members of the Islamic faith that we are prejudiced against their religion, that we would deny them freedom of religion, that we want suppress their culture and invade their governments.
A mission is a place where you ask nonbelievers to come and find faith and hope and feel love.
Faith is part of who I am, yes. I was raised Christian Scientist. The most important thing I saw every single week on the wall at Sunday school was the Golden Rule.
Faith is an aptitude of the spirit. It is, in fact, a talent: you must be born with it.
With faith, discipline and selfless devotion to duty, there is nothing worthwhile that you cannot achieve.
Faith that it's not always in your hands or things don't always go the way you planned, but you have to have faith that there is a plan for you, and you must follow your heart and believe in yourself no matter what.
Never be discouraged. If I were sunk in the lowest pits of Nova Scotia, with the Rocky Mountains piled on me, I would hang on, exercise faith, and keep up good courage, and I would come out on top.
Patience and Diligence, like faith, remove mountains.
Blind faith in your leaders, or in anything, will get you killed.
Faith consists in being vitally concerned with that ultimate reality to which I give the symbolical name of God. Whoever reflects earnestly on the meaning of life is on the verge of an act of faith.
The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.
You can do very little with faith, but you can do nothing without it.
Faith - you can do very little with it, but you can do nothing without it.
What is faith but a kind of betting or speculation after all? It should be, I bet that my Redeemer liveth.
We can never learn too much of His will towards us, too much of His messages and His advice. The Bible is His word and its study gives at once the foundation for our faith and an inspiration to battle onward in the fight against the tempter.
When prayer removes distrust and doubt and enters the field of mental certainty, it becomes faith and the universe is built on faith.
Faith in a holy cause is to a considerable extent a substitute for lost faith in ourselves.
Faith is not believing that God can. It is knowing that God will.
People who believe they have the power to exercise some measure of control over their lives are healthier, more effective and more successful than those who lack faith in their ability to effect changes in their lives.
In the evening of life we shall be judged on love, and not one of us is going to come off very well, and were it not for my absolute faith in the loving forgiveness of my Lord I could not call on him to come.
For modes of faith let graceless zealots fight, His can't be wrong whose life is in the right.
At least the fundamentalists haven't tried to dilute their message. Their faith is exposed for what it is for all to see.
Bad faith likes discourse on friendship and loyalty.
By any reasonable measure of achievement, the faith of the Enlightenment thinkers in science was justified.
Although a man may wear fine clothing, if he lives peacefully and is good, self-possessed, has faith and is pure and if he does not hurt any living being, he is a holy man.
How many things we held yesterday as articles of faith which today we tell as fables.
The mysteries of faith are degraded if they are made into an object of affirmation and negation, when in reality they should be an object of contemplation.
Doubt is not the opposite of faith it is one element of faith.
Getting ahead in a difficult profession requires avid faith in yourself. That is why some people with mediocre talent, but with great inner drive, go so much further than people with vastly superior talent.
There are many talented people who haven't fulfilled their dreams because they over thought it, or they were too cautious, and were unwilling to make the leap of faith.
It is part of my faith as a Muslim to try to help those who are suffering from poverty or economic or political injustice.
I have no mystic faith in the people. I have in the individual.
The infinite faith I have in people's ability to understand anything that makes sense has always been justified, finally, by their behavior.
As a people of faith, we know that prayer is a powerful instrument. And as one Nation under God, we know that many times our most powerful tool is prayer.
If we were logical, the future would be bleak, indeed. But we are more than logical. We are human beings, and we have faith, and we have hope, and we can work.
The improver of natural knowledge absolutely refuses to acknowledge authority, as such. For him, skepticism is the highest of duties blind faith the one unpardonable sin.
Nothing which is true or beautiful or good makes complete sense in any immediate context of history therefore we must be saved by faith.
Do not tell secrets to those whose faith and silence you have not already tested.
Writing fiction has become a priestly business in countries that have lost their faith.
Faith begins where Reason sinks exhausted.
Faith is what someone knows to be true, whether they believe it or not.
To disbelieve is easy to scoff is simple to have faith is harder.
In economics, hope and faith coexist with great scientific pretension and also a deep desire for respectability.
It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living.
The man of science has learned to believe in justification, not by faith, but by verification.
An Adult faith does not follow the waves of fashion and the latest novelties.
If you think you can win, you can win. Faith is necessary to victory.
For me, the peculiar qualities of faith are a logical outcome of this level of biological organization.
Even if a unity of faith is not possible, a unity of love is.
You all know that I have been sustained throughout my life by three saving graces - my family, my friends, and a faith in the power of resilience and hope. These graces have carried me through difficult times and they have brought more joy to the good times than I ever could have imagined.
Faith crosses every border and touches every heart in every nation.
Writing is an act of faith, not a trick of grammar.
Bid, then, the tender light of faith to shine By which alone the mortal heart is led Unto the thinking of the thought divine.
I never really had the classic struggle. I had faith.
If I advocate cautious optimism it is not because I do not have faith in the future but because I do not want to encourage blind faith.
A sublime faith in human imbecility has seldom led those who cherish it astray.
That willing suspension of disbelief for the moment, which constitutes poetic faith.
You cannot be President of the United States if you don't have faith. Remember Lincoln, going to his knees in times of trial in the Civil War and all that stuff.
Corruption is nature's way of restoring our faith in democracy.
Happy is the son whose faith in his mother remains unchallenged.
Religion is part of the human make-up. It's also part of our cultural and intellectual history. Religion was our first attempt at literature, the texts, our first attempt at cosmology, making sense of where we are in the universe, our first attempt at health care, believing in faith healing, our first attempt at philosophy.
Hold firmly that our faith is identical with that of the ancients. Deny this, and you dissolve the unity of the Church.
Basically, there are two paths you can walk: faith or fear. It's impossible to simultaneously trust God and not trust God.
Our society is illuminated by the spiritual insights of the Hebrew prophets. America and Israel have a common love of human freedom, and they have a common faith in a democratic way of life.
The difficulties we face originate from one of three sources. Some are sent to us by the Lord to test our faith, others are the result of Satan's attacks, and still others are due to our own sinful choices.
The separation of church and state is a source of strength, but the conscience of our nation does not call for separation between men of state and faith in the Supreme Being.
Is it faith to understand nothing, and merely submit your convictions implicitly to the Church?
Faith is an excitement and an enthusiasm: it is a condition of intellectual magnificence to which we must cling as to a treasure, and not squander on our way through life in the small coin of empty words, or in exact and priggish argument.
It's very important that every movie I do makes money because I want the people that had the faith in me to get their money back.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
All that I say is, examine, inquire. Look into the nature of things. Search out the grounds of your opinions, the for and against. Know why you believe, understand what you believe, and possess a reason for the faith that is in you.
Let judges secretly despair of justice: their verdicts will be more acute. Let generals secretly despair of triumph killing will be defamed. Let priests secretly despair of faith: their compassion will be true.
There is greatness in the fear of God, contentment in faith of God, and honour in humility.
An atheist may be simply one whose faith and love are concentrated on the impersonal aspects of God.
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
Workers have kept faith in American institutions. Most of the conflicts, which have occurred have been when labor's right to live has been challenged and denied.
To know a person's religion we need not listen to his profession of faith but must find his brand of intolerance.
If there was no faith there would be no living in this world. We could not even eat hash with any safety.
The man who radiates good cheer, who makes life happier wherever he meets it, is always a man of vision and faith.
If I were dying my last words would be: Have faith and pursue the unknown end.
Where there is the necessary technical skill to move mountains, there is no need for the faith that moves mountains.
Take away hatred from some people, and you have men without faith.
To 'choose' dogma and faith over doubt and experience is to throw out the ripening vintage and to reach greedily for the Kool-Aid.
Obedience is an act of faith disobedience is the result of unbelief.
Faith is the virtue by which, clinging-to the faithfulness of God, we lean upon him, so that we may obtain what he gives to us.
I've lost my faith in science.
What I learned growing up on the farm was a way of life that was centered on hard work, and on faith and on thrift. Those values have stuck with me my whole life.
I don't think that the total creation took place in six days as we now measure time. If we can confirm, say, the Big Bang theory, that doesn't at all cause me to question my faith that God created the Big Bang.
I believe that if we really want human brotherhood to spread and increase until it makes life safe and sane, we must also be certain that there is no one true faith or path by which it may spread.
I found a religion that blended scientific reason with spiritual reality in a unifying faith far removed from the headlines of violence, destruction and terrorism.
Action and faith enslave thought, both of them in order not be troubled or inconvenienced by reflection, criticism, and doubt.
The origin of the absurd idea of immortal life is easy to discover it is kept alive by hope and fear, by childish faith, and by cowardice.
Trust is not the same as faith. A friend is someone you trust. Putting faith in anyone is a mistake.
Base souls have no faith in great individuals.
I looked at some of the statues of Jesus they were just stones with no life. When they said that God is three, I was puzzled even more but could not argue. I believed it, simply because I had to have respect for the faith of my parents.
Those who love him love that he sells the most art they take it as a point of faith that this proves Kinkade is the best. But his fans don't only rely on this supply-and-demand justification. They go back to values.
Between understanding and faith immediate connections must subsist.
Art requires neither complaisance nor politeness nothing but faith, faith and freedom.
I think there ought to be a strict separation or wall built between our religious faith and our practice of political authority in office. I don't think the President of the United States should extoll Christianity if he happens to be a Christian at the expense of Judaism, Islam or other faiths.
For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men.
My gut feelings and my faith tell me that until God shuts a door, no human can shut it.
My faith helps me understand that circumstances don't dictate my happiness, my inner peace.
Faith Hill is a big role model.
Wal-Mart doesn't really care about your faith. Wal-Mart cares if you have money to spend, and it is going to be as generic as possible in exploiting the holiday season for every buck it can make.
People look at me and see a calm, cool guy on the sidelines and I want them to know that my Christian faith affects my coaching and everything I do.
An unexamined faith is not worth having, for fundamentalism and uncritical certitude entail the rejection of one of the great human gifts: that of free will, of the liberty to make up our own minds based on evidence and tradition and reason.
Let the people who never find true love keep saying that there's no such thing. Their faith will make it easier for them to live and die.
Look at the Afghans, during the time of the Soviet invasion. They were among the poorest Muslims in the world, yet they were sustained by their faith in God, and God alone.
Faith without works is like a bird without wings though she may hop with her companions on earth, yet she will never fly with them to heaven.
Our national motto is 'In God we Trust,' reminding us that faith in our Creator is the most important American value of all.
You just have to have a simple faith.
In religious and in secular affairs, the more fervent beliefs attract followers. If you are a moderate in any respect - if you're a moderate on abortion, if you're a moderate on gun control, or if you're a moderate in your religious faith - it doesn't evolve into a crusade where you're either right or wrong, good or bad, with us or against us.
Faith is an act of a finite being who is grasped by, and turned to, the infinite.
They are the weakest, however strong, who have no faith in themselves or their own powers.
Prayer is as natural an expression of faith as breathing is of life.
A person who has sympathy for mankind in the lump, faith in its future progress, and desire to serve the great cause of this progress, should be called not a humanist, but a humanitarian, and his creed may be designated as humanitarianism.
I had to learn my faith and look after my family, and I had to make priorities. But now I've done it all and there's a little space for me to fill in the universe of music again.
I wasn't with Joseph, but I believe him. My faith did not come to me through science, and I will not permit so-called science to destroy it.
Should doubt knock at your doorway, just say to those skeptical, disturbing, rebellious thoughts, I propose to stay with my faith, with the faith of my people.
And that's the great thing about living the Christian life and trying to live by faith, is you're trying to get better every day. You're trying to improve.
Look, I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism.
If you want to lose your faith, make friends with a priest.
Fight the good fight of faith, and God will give you spiritual mercies.
Hope, like faith, is nothing if it is not courageous it is nothing if it is not ridiculous.
Family and friends and faith are the most important things in your life and you should be building friendships.
If you put all your strength and faith and vigor into a job and try to do the best you can, the money will come.
All the strength and force of man comes from his faith in things unseen. He who believes is strong he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.
A witness, in the sense that I am using the word, is a man whose life and faith are so completely one that when the challenge comes to step out and testify for his faith, he does so, disregarding all risks, accepting all consequences.
Moderation is part of faith, so those who accuse Muslim schools of fostering fanaticism should learn a bit more about Islam.
I come now to tell you for what I am brought here to die, and to give you an account of my faith, which I shall do as in the sight of the living God before whom I am shortly to stand.
May it not be that, just as we have to have faith in Him, God has to have faith in us and, considering the history of the human race so far, may it not be that 'faith' is even more difficult for Him than it is for us?
Every life is a profession of faith, and exercises an inevitable and silent influence.
I don't know if the average person really has faith in Washington anymore.
In a mood of faith and hope my work goes on. A ream of fresh paper lies on my desk waiting for the next book. I am a writer and I take up my pen to write.
I've always thought that as long as directors and casting directors don't see me as just Harry Potter, I'll be OK. People have shown a lot of faith in me, and I owe them a huge debt. They're letting me prove that I'm serious about this.
And it's one thing to give people freedom and something else to deny the rights of Christians to assert their faith in order to keep Hindus from feeling upset.
Women have been taught that, for us, the earth is flat, and that if we venture out, we will fall off the edge. Some of us have ventured out nevertheless, and so far we have not fallen off. It is my faith, my feminist faith, that we will not.
I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels.
If faith is lost, there is no security and there is no life for him who does not adhere to religion.
I have always been the kid who's asked 'Why?' In my faith, you're just supposed to have faith. But I was always like 'why?'
In America, now, let us - Christian, Jew, Muslim, agnostic, atheist, wiccan, whatever - fight nativism with the same strength and conviction that we fight terrorism. My faith calls on its followers to love one's enemies. A tall order, that - perhaps the tallest of all.
The other day the President said, I know you've had some rough times, and I want to do something that will show the nation what faith that I have in you, in your maturity and sense of responsibility. He paused, then said, would you like a puppy?
The principle part of faith is patience.
Society lives by faith, and develops by science.
Public confidence in the integrity of the Government is indispensable to faith in democracy and when we lose faith in the system, we have lost faith in everything we fight and spend for.
Obedience is the fruit of faith.
Faith which does not doubt is dead faith.
I see heaven's glories shine and faith shines equal.
The measure of a man is not how great his faith is, but how great his love is. We must not let government programs disconnect our souls from each other.
Faith is the state of being ultimately concerned.
To study history means submitting to chaos and nevertheless retaining faith in order and meaning.
The important things are children, honesty, integrity and faith.
The man who cannot believe in himself cannot believe in anything else. The basis of all integrity and character is whatever faith we have in our own integrity.
I am one of those who would rather sink with faith than swim without it.
We may not only find faith in God in our sorrow. We may also become faithful to Him in times of calm.
Each blade of grass has its spot on earth whence it draws its life, its strength and so is man rooted to the land from which he draws his faith together with his life.
An Adult faith does not follow the waves of fashion and the latest novelties.
Faith, like a jackal, feeds among the tombs, and even from these dead doubts she gathers her most vital hope.
I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business.
Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death.
The death of Pope John Paul II led many of different faiths and of no faith to acknowledge their debt to the Roman Catholic Church for holding on to absolutes that the rest of us can measure ourselves against.
A whole lot of us believers, of all different religions, are ready to turn back the tide of madness by walking together, in both the dark and the light - in other words, through life - registering voters as we go, and keeping the faith.
Faith is the ticket to the feast, not the feast.
The Christian faith can never be separated from the soil of sacred events, from the choice made by God, who wanted to speak to us, to become man, to die and rise again, in a particular place and at a particular time.
All great enterprises have a pearl of faith at their core, and this must be ours: that Americans are still a people born to liberty. That they retain the capacity for self-government. That, addressed as free-born, autonomous men and women of God-given dignity, they will rise yet again to drive back a mortal enemy.
You can judge the quality of their faith from the way they behave. Discipline is an index to doctrine.
Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams.
The Bible is our rule of faith and doctrine.
Let me go over this again on the reclaiming the civil rights movement. People of faith that believe that you have an equal right to justice - that is the essence. And if it's not the essence, then we've been sold a pack of lies. The essence is everyone deserves a shot - the content of character, not the color of skin.
All is amiss. Love is dying, faith's defying, heart's denying.
My faith is very private to me. It plays an important part in my life, but I do not try and throw my beliefs at others. I have tremendous respect for all faiths and beliefs, but have a deep concern that religion and faith are currently a long way apart from each other.
For me, and I suspect for lots of other people too, bad things actually sometimes make you think more about faith and the fact that you're not facing these things on your own.
True faith is belief in the reality of absolute values.
The world will never have lasting peace so long as men reserve for war the finest human qualities. Peace, no less than war, requires idealism and self-sacrifice and a righteous and dynamic faith.
But every act in consequence of our faith, strengthens faith.
Those of us who were brought up as Christians and have lost our faith have retained the sense of sin without the saving belief in redemption. This poisons our thought and so paralyses us in action.
My father, who died a few years ago, was a good, simple, very honest man. His faith and affection for his family was just unassailable, without question.
Boris Kodjoe
I guess my religious faith sustained me more than anything else. Family is also very important. If I didn't have children, it would have been too difficult. Even if you are strong, you still need people who would support you all the way.
When you put your total faith in God, no matter what happens, to a person who's a true believer, if you die, you know you're going to heaven to be with God.
By concentrating on what is good in people, by appealing to their idealism and their sense of justice, and by asking them to put their faith in the future, socialists put themselves at a severe disadvantage.
You work on things and you have such faith in them while you're making them that everything feels special - in a way.
I am politically pro-choice, but personally pro-life. I have my faith but refuse to force it on the world at large - especially this world, so brutal and unjust. I cannot make these wrenching personal life and death decisions for others - nor do I believe they should be made by a church run by childless men.
Doing films in Latin America is like an act of faith. I mean, you really have to believe in what you're doing because if not, you feel like it's a waste of time because you might as well be doing something that at least pays you the rent.
When did we begin to lose faith in our ability to effect change?
Education is extremely important to the Hispanic community, as well as faith, and certainly working hard.
You just kind of have faith. If that sounds kind of mystical, it's because I really don't know how it works, but I trust that it does. I try to write the way I read, in order to find out what happens next.
Well, I think that Catholicism's basic foundation of faith is personal conscience. I think it's between you and God, not you and the Church.
Your faith in yourself is all you will ever have. Don't let anyone take it away from you, ever.
I'm a Christian. I go to church when I can. I was raised Baptist. I went to a Lutheran school. I'm a nondenominational practicing Christian. I have a lot of faith.
My daddy, Rev. A. D. King, my granddaddy, Martin Luther King, Senior - we are a family of faith, hope and love.
We're reclaiming America and restoring honor. I believe we do that with faith, with hope, with charity, and honoring our brothers and our sisters as we honor each other.
I had very supportive parents that made the way for me, even at a time when there were very few women - no women, really maybe two or three women - and very few, fewer than that, African-American women heading in this direction, so there were very few people to look up to. You just had to have faith.
I'm a believer in belief. Faith is something that works - it causes people to do things, it has results. It's an intangible, indefinable, very real thing. And it moves people, sometimes to atrocity. And sometimes to survival.
I realized that my truest passion was for helping people change through faith in a higher power. That meant, for me, belonging to the church. Using my abilities to bring Christian doctrine to a postmodern world.
First, I prepare. Then I have faith.
I'd be lying if I said I had confidence in every choice I've made, that I have faith in every film I do on every shot.
I'm a private guy, and you don't want to be out there preaching to people. But faith leads you in the decisions you make. You don't always pick the right path, but it's there in your conscience.
A large psychic void is left by a loss of faith. So many Catholics have tried so many things to replace it.
President Obama and his radical feminist enforcers have had it in for Catholic medical providers from the get-go. It's about time all people of faith fought back against this unprecedented encroachment on religious liberty. First, they came for the Catholics. Who's next?
I had faith in the concept and the theory that all Americans are endowed with the right to a fair trial and I would be fairly judged and fairly tried.
The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.
Courage is sometimes frail as hope is frail: a fragile shoot between two stones that grows brave toward the sun though warmth and brightness fail, striving and faith the only strength it knows.
Faith, culture, structure and guidance are good things.
I have never lost my faith in God.
I think the Moslem faith teaches hate.
The public has lost faith in the ability of Social Security and Medicare to provide for old age. They've lost faith in the banking system and in conventional medical insurance.
In a democracy, dissent is an act of faith.
I just have faith. It's just there. It's not any big deal.
I have a great faith in God and Jesus.
I have great faith that Heaven's there and I'll see my brothers and my mom and dad when I get there.
Let it ever be remembered that genuine faith in Christ will ever be productive of good works for this faith worketh by love, as the apostle says, and love to God always produces obedience to his holy laws.
I don't have too much faith in destiny, or an afterlife. This is it.
Stand straight, walk proud, have a little faith.
Is a faith without action a sincere faith?
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards.
The conversion of agnostic High Tories to the Anglican church is always rather suspect. It seems too pat and predictable, too clearly a matter of politics rather than faith.
Dawkins considers that all faith is blind faith, and that Christian and Muslim children are brought up to believe unquestioningly. Not even the dim-witted clerics who knocked me about at grammar school thought that.
My faith inspires me so much. It is the very reason that I run. I feel that my running is completely a gift from God and it is my responsibility to use it to glorify him.
My faith doesn't go over real well in Hollywood.
Once you're successful with a certain kind of music, it's hard not to have faith in it as a means to stay successful.
I have great faith in the intelligence of the American viewer and reader to put two and two together and come up with four.
Faith gives you an inner strength and a sense of balance and perspective in life.
Our faith is stronger than death, our philosophy is firmer than flesh, and the spread of the Kingdom of God upon the earth is more sublime and more compelling.
The only thing that stands between a man and what he wants from life is often merely the will to try it and the faith to believe that it is possible.
Oklahomans value our children and our seniors. Oklahomans value traditions of faith. Oklahomans value our heroes, our veterans. Oklahomans value innovation and the creative arts.
A quest for knowledge is not a war with faith spirituality is not usually an infelicitous amalgam of superstition and philistinism and moral relativism, taken outside midfield, leads inexorably both to heresy and to secular wickedness, which are often identical.
The balance between faith and reason is for the determination of each individual, and of the people as a whole, not of unauthorized government officials uttering impious humbug as they arbitrarily try to define that balance.
Science has sometimes been said to be opposed to faith, and inconsistent with it. But all science, in fact, rests on a basis of faith, for it assumes the permanence and uniformity of natural laws - a thing which can never be demonstrated.
You know, this is a war of ideology, a war of thoughts and of faith. And we need people to really stand for faith and trust, not hope and change.
Risk means everything from being honest about your faith, to moving, to quitting a job that's paying you a fortune but it's not what's in your heart. Risking things is one of the biggest fears we have.
I'm just glad that my community has faith and confidence in me.
The enemies of the Christian religion and the Law of God confuse law with faith.
Faith is a kind of winged intellect. The great workmen of history have been men who believed like giants.
I do believe that belief is the most powerful thing we have in this world. So, if we believe in something enough. And we have faith, we can make it a reality. That is basically the basis of my entire career and my entire life.
I have come to the conclusion that while a candidate's faith matters, what's most important is how he or she applies that faith.
The question Americans should ask is not whether a candidate is affiliated with a particular faith but rather whether that candidate's faith makes it more likely he or she will support policies that align with their values.
It's important to ask candidates about their beliefs, in part because politicians frequently exploit religious faith - often with the idea that voters will be more likely to unthinkingly accept certain political positions so long as they arise from religious belief.
For the record, I believe elected officials should talk about faith. Our founders believed the moral principles of faith were indispensable to our nation's survival. The Declaration of Independence mentions God four times.
Republican values - strong families, faith, personal responsibility and freedom, among others - are not unique to specific subsets of the electorate. They are universal values, and it is Republicans' job to remind Americans of that fact.
All are free to believe or not believe all are free to practice a faith or not. But those who believe must be free to speak of and act on their belief.
Are you gonna fuel your faith or fuel your fear? I'm all about fueling my faith, especially when it's hard to do so.
I am prejudiced in favor of him who, without impudence, can ask boldly. He has faith in humanity, and faith in himself. No one who is not accustomed to giving grandly can ask nobly and with boldness.
Catholicism played such a huge part in my life, I would not have survived without my faith.
Was the real Jesus of history one and the same as the Christ of faith whom we read about in the New Testament and worship in the church? Was Jesus really raised from the dead? Is he really the divine Lord of lords?
The substance of faith is a hope in the unseen.
I think that my preaching style and many of my ideas and ideals about faith are based in both Pentecostal and Baptist background.
The unutterable violence of the Holocaust shook our confidence in the possibility of telling any story of faith at all.
Our religion does not discriminate according to color, sex or anything else. What counts is piety and faith.
Man is wise and constantly in quest of more wisdom but the ultimate wisdom, which deals with beginnings, remains locked in a seed. There it lies, the simplest fact of the universe and at the same time the one which calls forth faith rather than reason.
The age of innocent faith in science and technology may be over.
And as the Divine that goes forth from the Lord is the good of love and the truth of faith, the angels are angels and are heaven in the measure in which they receive good and truth from the Lord.
To believe only possibilities is not faith, but mere philosophy.
As reason is a rebel to faith, so passion is a rebel to reason.
The faith I was born into formed me.
Faith is an act of rational choice, which determines us to act as if certain things were true, and in the confident expectation that they will prove to be true.
Through history, people look for something spiritual. The greatest scientists in the world were men of religion and faith, too.
But how odd that in this heathen nation of empty pews, where churches' bare, ruined choirs are converted into luxury loft living, a Labour government - yes, a Labour government - is deliberately creating a huge expansion of faith schools.
But instead of standing up for reason, our government is handing education over to the world of faith.
Have faith in your own thoughts.
Don't be confused that my interest in religion, faith, and spirituality is driven by any sense of faith or spirituality of my own.
I am sensitive to the value of faith and religion and spirituality in people's lives because I'm a journalist.
I still have all the faith and love for my music and yet I'm still playing places for kids.
These are strange times. Reason, which once combatted faith and seemed to have conquered it, now has to look to faith to save it from dissolution.
The attributes for entrepreneurs cut both ways. You need the ability to ignore inconvenient facts and see the world as it should be and not as it is. This inspires people to take huge leaps of faith. But this blindness to facts can be a liability, too. The characteristics that help entrepreneurs succeed can also lead to their failure.
I did not compose my work as one might put on a church vestment... rather it sprung from the truly fervent faith of my heart, such as I have felt it since my childhood.
Each of us has an inner dream that we can unfold if we will just have the courage to admit what it is. And the faith to trust our own admission. The admitting is often very difficult.
Creativity is always a leap of faith. You're faced with a blank page, blank easel, or an empty stage.
I haven't lost faith in human nature and I haven't decided to be less compassionate to strangers.
Let's say black, the whole black religious experience, here, is very impressive to me, because when I first arrived I realized that people carry their faith with so much pride.
I love the fact that we, as black people, carry our faith with us. We share it and embrace it and love it and talk about it because we talk about everything else and why not that and that was the first impression that I had that really touched me.
It comes with faith, for with complete faith there is no fear of what faces you in life or death.
We can reach our potential, but to do so, we must reach within ourselves. We must summon the strength, the will, and the faith to move forward - to be bold - to invest in our future.
You can't be afraid to put out a fire if you're a fireman. You can't be afraid to be a police officer and carry a gun if you're afraid to get up and go out there. So you've got to put that fear to the side and go out in faith to overcome that.
When the truth is that there would be no great Western music, and certainly no decent choral repertoire, without the Catholic faith.
I was brought up the Mexican way, where actors are paid very little and every part you take is an act of faith. If people respect that, then great.
Seeds of faith are always within us sometimes it takes a crisis to nourish and encourage their growth.
Ours is a country built more on people than on territory. The Jews will come from everywhere: from France, from Russia, from America, from Yemen... Their faith is their passport.
Most atheists bristle at the thought that atheism has anything to do with faith, but not Penn Jillette.
If I want to understand the laws of physics I have to first believe what I read about physics. I have to have faith in what I read.
Evolution is unobservable. It's based on blind faith in a few dry bones and on unreliable dating systems in which the gullible trust. Kids should be allowed to make up their own minds about this issue, and not be censored to 'one side is all we will let you hear.
Christians must share their faith in obedience to the Great Commission, because we are only seeing the fruit of sin this side of death.
Faith is the first step to understanding. Either it's the Word of an infallible God, the fallible words of men, or faith in what you personally believe. You've got to have faith in something. Believe me.
Men who accomplish great things in the industrial world are the ones who have faith in the money producing power of ideas.
Faith is the black person's federal reserve system.
It helps, I think, to consider ourselves on a very long journey: the main thing is to keep to the faith, to endure, to help each other when we stumble or tire, to weep and press on.
I believe that the Framers of the Constitution made their intent clear when they wrote the First Amendment. I believe they wanted to keep the new government from endorsing one religion over another, not erase the public consciousness or common faith.
I'm on the board of a national group called Faith in America. It's designed to fight religious-based bigotry.
No relief was forthcoming from my then-Catholic faith, which said the practice of homosexuality was a 'mortal sin' subject to damnation.
The United States have fulfilled in good faith all their treaty stipulations with the Indian tribes, and have in every other instance insisted upon a like performance of their obligations.
Men of Virginia, countrymen of Washington, of Patrick Henry, of Jefferson, and of Madison, will ye be true to your constitutional faith?
Human societies, like human beings, live by faith and die when faith dies.
If solace is any sort of succor to someone, that is sufficient. I believe in the faith of people, whatever faith they may have.
Anyone who really studies Catholicism deeply is aware of the mystical nature of our faith. Even references to Christ's mystical body has connections to that principle.
We're telling a story. And the demands of that are different from the demands of a documentary. The audience must believe in order to keep faith in the story.
Ultimately it's a leap of faith and a leap of imagination to put yourself back in time into those conditions and situations and see how you would react.
God does say He will graciously entertain our prayers. He says that if we exercise faith, and if our request is in accordance with His will, He will hear us.
Comics don't work if the story is all in the text and the images are illustrative. It's hard to have enough faith in the artists to allow them to do their job.
You often feel that your prayers scarcely reach the ceiling but, oh, get into this humble spirit by considering how good the Lord is, and how evil you all are, and then prayer will mount on wings of faith to heaven.
My faith has been the driving thing of my life. I think it is important that people who are perceived as liberals not be afraid of talking about moral and community values.
I try to act out of faith.
I grew up in a very religious family and it is the motivating force to every thing I do. I am fortunate to have had adults all around me who really lived their faith, in helping other people and doing the best you can do.
We receive by faith and we keep it by faith.
Science, we are repeatedly told, is the most reliable form of knowledge about the world because it is based on testable hypotheses. Religion, by contrast, is based on faith. The term 'doubting Thomas' well illustrates the difference.
We will never fully explain the world by appealing to something outside it that must simply be accepted on faith, be it an unexplained God or an unexplained set of mathematical laws.
There are a lot of Christian fundamentalists there are a lot of Muslim extremists. Every religion - Mormonism - has something way on the side that's completely using the religion as some weird backbone for their twisted faith. It has nothing to do with their religion.
Man doesn't dictate what you do or how you do it. If you believe in God, believe in God have your faith in him. That's where my faith lies.
I love Canada. It's a wonderful political act of faith that exists atop a breathtakingly beautiful land.
Fanatics do not have faith - they have belief. With faith you let go. You trust. Whereas with belief you cling.
In the last analysis, of course, an oath will encourage fidelity in office only to the degree that officeholders continue to believe that they cannot escape ultimate accountability for a breach of faith.
When the principles that run against your deepest convictions begin to win the day, then the battle is your calling, and peace has become sin. You must at the price of dearest peace lay your convictions bare before friend and enemy with all the fire of your faith.
Great feelings will often take the aspect of error, and great faith the aspect of illusion.
Sectarian divide has created a schism in our society that is a major challenge. As monarch of all Bahrainis, it pains me to see many harmed by the actions of a few. And yet I am optimistic and have faith in our people. We all realize that now is the time to strike a balance between stability and gradual reform.
Of course, bad marriages are so pervasive that they have invaded the faith community too.
I want people to just to see, all you got to do is have a little faith.
I heard my name associated with the Peter Pan syndrome more than once. But really, what's so wrong with Peter Pan? Peter Pan flies. He is a metaphor for dreams and faith.
Hollywood is a suction for your confidence or your faith or your togetherness. Just walking on the street you can feel it.
I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism. Do you know the rate of military enlistment among Hispanics is higher than any demographic in this country? And they are also hard work and responsibility.
I'll tell you, in my life I've never once have seen a Hispanic panhandler, because in our community, it would be viewed as shameful to be out on the street begging. Those are all conservative values - faith, family, hard work, responsibility.
To be sure, the response of faith to revelation, which God grants to the creature he chooses and moves with his love, occurs in such a way that it is truly the creature that provides the response, with its own nature and its natural powers of love.
Whoever removes the Cross and its interpretation by the New Testament from the center, in order to replace it, for example, with the social commitment of Jesus to the oppressed as a new center, no longer stands in continuity with the apostolic faith.
Downtown, one has less time. But there are in Europe much people who have the faith, in South America, too.
And so, today, if the state can no longer appeal to the old moral principles that belong to the Christian tradition, it will be forced to create a new official faith and new moral principles which will be binding on its citizens.
I have faith in the jury system.
I can't really put it in one sentence because although on one hand Preacher is about faith and yes it is also about, I suppose, the search for God, the search for faith and the manipulation and the abuse committed by figures in whom I suppose people have faith.
There are a lot of things I can take, and a few that I can't. What I can't take is when my older brother, who's everything that I want to be, starts losing faith in things. I saw that look in your eyes last night. I don't ever want to see that look in your eyes again.
At the time I perceived most religious men, particularly the pastors with all their talk about love, faith and relationship, as effeminate.
I have learned that track doesn't define me. My faith defines me. I'm running because I have been blessed with a gift.
You have got to believe in yourself every time you go out there and race. If you have no faith in your ability all that training has been a waste of time.
Therefore, the church is not absolutely necessary as an object of faith, not even for us today, for then Abraham and the other prophets would not have given assent to those things which were revealed to them from God without any intervening help of the church.
There are divers men who make a great show of loyalty, and pretend to such discretion in the hidden things they hear, that at the end folk come to put faith in them.
I walked along that slippery slope where if you fail through lack of faith, you sell your soul to the devil.
No one else in our family was a professional musician so this took an enormous leap of faith on their part.
It is from the traditional family that we absorb those universal ideals and principles which are the teaching of Jesus, the bedrock of our religious faith. We are taught the difference between right and wrong, and about the law, just punishment and discipline.
Buddhism has a very beautiful teaching that says the worst thing you can do to your soul is to tell someone their faith is wrong.
My faith always has been and always will be important to me.
As the most extravagant errors were received among the established articles of their faith, so the most infamous vices obtained in their practice, and were indulged not only with impunity, but authorized by the sanction of their laws.
I accept people for who they are and love them. That doesn't mean I have to agree or that I have to turn my back on the tenets of my faith and reject the tenets of my faith when it comes to homosexuality.
For more than three thousand years men have quarreled concerning the formulas of their faith.
Ethical religion can be real only to those who are engaged in ceaseless efforts at moral improvement. By moving upward we acquire faith in an upward movement, without limit.
I was never the ingenue, so hopefully that'll make it easier to age and still work. I know a lot of actors who are really dissatisfied with where they're at even though some of them are huge stars and I feel like, 'Oh, my God, you're at the top.' Something interesting will come. It always does. I have faith.
We had great faith that with patience, understanding, and education, that my family and I could be helpful in changing their minds and attitudes around.
Ann Romney makes all women proud by the way she has conducted her life as a strong woman of faith, as a mother, as a wife and as a true patriot.
I don't really go down one path. I wouldn't call myself a Buddhist, or a Catholic or a Christian or a Muslim, or Jewish. I couldn't put myself into any organized faith.
The mere assemblage of peace loving people to interchange convincing reasons for their common faith, mere exhortation and argument to the public in favor of peace in general fall short of the mark.
In the latter case life rests upon a thousand presuppositions which the individual can never trace back to their origins, and verify but which he must accept upon faith and belief.
In Christ the original image of God is restored, by faith in this world and by sight in the world to come.
I do not purpose to discuss faith in its dogmatic sense today.
Taking it in its wider and generic application, I understand faith to be the supplement of sense or, to change the phrase, all knowledge which comes not to us through our senses we gain by faith in others.
We know the past and its great events, the present in its multitudinous complications, chiefly through faith in the testimony of others.
The realm of immediate or personal knowledge is a narrow circle in which these bodies move the realm of knowledge derived through faith is as wide as the universe, and old as eternity.
If, then, knowledge be power, how much more power to we gain through the agency of faith, and what elevation must it give to human character.
If, then, faith widens the connections, it elevates the man.
I have faith in the market when we get the rules right.
I'm a lapsed Quaker. I don't go to meetings any more. But I'm very drawn to Catholicism - all that glitter. I'd love to be a Catholic. I think it would be fantastic - faith, forgiveness, absolution, extreme unction - all these wonderful words. I don't think anyone who was ever born a Catholic hasn't died a Catholic, no matter how lapsed they are.
At times of distress, we all like to recall the advice of fathers and mothers. The best advice my father gave me was to keep faith and deep confidence in the potential of the Greek people nurture the belief that they can do things.
You see, some non-Catholic friends of mine have questioned the depth of my faith because of the fact that I have a good education.
The marriage of a man and woman is the most enduring human institution, honored in all cultures and by every religious faith. It's in this institution that children are meant to be nurtured. We know this after thousands of years of human experience.
I've been speaking at churches for years, as well as juvenile jails, rehabs and hospitals, and I always talk about my faith. That is a declaration of my relationship with God.
President Ford was a devoted, decent man of impeccable integrity who put service to his country before his own self interest. He helped heal our nation during a time of crisis, provided steady leadership and restored people's faith in the presidency and in government.
I spent four months in Prague in these blue rooms reacting to nothing and you basically place your faith in the hands of the director and the special effects co-coordinator and you keep your fingers crossed and hope that the creatures look really scary.
My faith has no bed to sleep upon but omnipotence.
In light of these facts Republicans have put forth a variety of proposals to make Social Security remain solvent for future generations. But up to this point, Democrats have chosen to oppose our good faith efforts and insist that indeed there is no problem.
I believe there is a moral sense and a global ethic that commands attention from people of every religion and every faith, and people of no faith. But I think what's new is that we now have the capacity to communicate instantaneously across frontiers right across the world.
Christianity has always embraced both reason and faith.
I have faith in faith. God is there, whether we have faith or not, so why not have faith in him?
Christians can bring peace to multi-religious Europe because we are able to understand the role of faith in the lives of other believers better than atheists.
I believe that my own Christian faith does indeed make universal claims.
I don't think it's any coincidence that I lost my religious faith and 'manned up' in the same year. I was described somewhere as a lapsed Catholic, which is funny because I'm not going back! I want to achieve things rather than live life in an animalistic way.
To imply that religious believers have no right to engage moral questions in the public square or at the ballot is simply to establish a Reichian secularism as our state faith.
The belief that there are other life forms in the universe is a matter of faith. There is not a single shred of evidence for any other life forms, and in forty years of searching, none has been discovered. There is absolutely no evidentiary reason to maintain this belief.
Hope is the belief we might get it done, and faith is the knowledge we will get it done.
Notwithstanding these setbacks, the dream of a beautiful American orchestra goes on, and I share Dr. King's faith that each year we move inexorably closer to a magnificent opening night.
That bedrock faith that I could write was what blinded me to attempts to discourage me.
The ultimate ground of faith and knowledge is confidence in God.
If all Church power vests in the clergy, then the people are practically bound to passive obedience in all matters of faith and practice for all right of private judgment is then denied.
I always wanted to be honest with myself and to those who have had faith in me.
The ultimate wisdom which deals with beginnings, remains locked in a seed. There it lies, the simplest fact of the universe and at the same time the one which calls faith rather than reason.
I believe in faith, family and country. I really keep it that simple.
How do I love Tim McGraw? Let me count the ways: I love that he's a country boy with a city sensibility. I love that he refuses to be pegged, and his duet with Nelly proves it. And I really love that he had the brains to marry Faith Hill.
The principle of acting in good faith is at the heart of decent work.
More recently, as faith gave way to materialism, anti-Semitism assumed a secular mode, harnessing itself to the dominant ideologies of both the Left and the Right.
To have faith is to believe in truth, believe that truth confers special power on those lucky enough to get a little insight, and to know in our hearts that all these things come from God, which is why we should never get too cocky about our successes.
Seven and half years ago I began my own journey. For me and my family it was a time of adversity. But during that adversity I derived a deeper faith. And born out of that adversity was a commitment to devote myself to those people and to those issues that truly matter to me.
Faith always contains an element of risk, of venture and we are impelled to make the venture by the affinity and attraction which we feel in ourselves.
Bereavement is the sharpest challenge to our trust in God if faith can overcome this, there is no mountain which it cannot remove.
All faith consists essentially in the recognition of a world of spiritual values behind, yet not apart from, the world of natural phenomena.
I have faith in the justice system, and what will happen will happen. I'm just trying to do the right thing.
I haven't chosen to make an issue of faith.
I think the American people, understandably, have sort of lost faith in the United Nations.
Everyone should have a moment with Ron Howard in their life to give you faith in our industry.
I've always thought, and it gets tested at times, that I have a great faith in the fundamental goodness of human beings.
I suppose I should say that I treasure blasphemy, as a faith of the highest order.
American government was founded on a belief and a faith in God and in doing what is right and just.
Democrats can neither control nor predict whether our GOP counterparts are really ready to play chicken with the U.S. economy. But we can assure the American people that our party takes the nation's faith and credit seriously.
I have seen doctors, in good faith, leave patients on steroids for years, thinking they are doing right. A friend of mine was on steroids for so long, she has severe osteoporosis.
After the desperate years of their own war, after six years of repression inside Spain and six years of horror in exile, these people remain intact in spirit. They are armed with a transcendent faith they have never won, and yet they have never accepted defeat.
Pray for intestinal fortitude, work hard, and keep the faith. Oh, and pray for good luck, you're gonna need it.
We have the incredible privilege of serving in the highest offices in the state. We must prove ourselves worthy of our fellow citizens' faith. We must be trusted to always place the public's good above our own and to always choose fairness over favoritism.
Skepticism, riddling the faith of yesterday, prepared the way for the faith of tomorrow.
Justifying faith is not a naked assent to the truths of the gospel.
Godliness, as well as the doctrine of our faith, is a mystery.
The independence of the economic sphere was a tenet of faith with Liberalism.
Since the presidency of Ronald Reagan, conservatives have succeeded by adhering to a platform that rests firmly on three legs: smaller government, faith and family, and a strong national defense. These three legs do not merely represent a political coalition they are three necessary components of a strong and secure America.
My mother was the influence in my life. She was strong she had great faith in the ultimate triumph of justice and hard work. She believed passionately in education.
Of course, Americans have no monopoly of patriotic enthusiasm and good faith.
The Constitution was the expression not only of a political faith, but also of political fears. It was wrought both as the organ of the national interest and as the bulwark of certain individual and local rights.
There are more people living in Lower Manhattan now than before the terrorist attacks. That's faith for you. There's such a strong spirit here.
I'm not Candide, nor Dr Pangloss, but we know that faith moves mountains.
I am not here to parade my religious sentiments, but I declare I have too much respect for the faith in which I was born to ever use it as the basis of a political organization.
I think there is a great deal of interest still in the Christian faith.
I come from a Christian faith. I am not going to give you insight into my particular beliefs.
I would never have gone anywhere if it hadn't been for Mother's faith and support.
Through these adversities, Israel has endured with continued strength, conviction, and faith.
With faith and courage, generations of Armenians have overcome great suffering and proudly preserved their culture, traditions, and religion and have told the story of the genocide to an often indifferent world.
I have a lot of faith in people.
If there are Muslims who believe that they've got to kill Christians to make a way for the Islamic faith in the West, not only would they be disappointed, but it will lead to conflict, there's no doubt about that.
Great dislike to the Bible was shown by those who conversed with me about it, and several have remarked to me, at different times, that if it were not for that book, Catholics would never be led to renounce their own faith.
Some theists in evolutionary science acquiesce to these tacit rules and retain a personal faith while accepting a thoroughly naturalistic picture of physical reality.
Faith is the substance of hope - of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen. So if you can hope for it and imagine it, and keep imagining and hoping and seeing yourself driving a new car, or seeing yourself getting that job, or seeing yourself excel, seeing yourself help that person - that is faith.
I have faith the men and women of the Coast Guard will immediately rise to the challenge and see the people hit by Katrina through until the storm has truly calmed.
I am a bit of a hopeless romantic. I really do have a faith and a belief in love, and when I love, I love hard.
Red Sox fans have been pushed to the brink over the years, but that's how faith grows stronger.
I'm a writer of faith who worries about the intolerance of religion. I look at the past and fear we haven't learned from it. I believe that humanity is capable of evil as well as great acts of courage and goodness. I have hope. Deep down, I believe in the human spirit, although sometimes that belief is shaken.
Visible Faith is an expression of my Christian faith which must be visible to be real! I gave the name to the collection of musicians who worked with me on the record.
Christianity emerged from the religion of Israel. Or rather, it has as its background a persistent strain in that religion. To that strain Christians have looked back, and rightly, as the preparation in history for their faith.
Religiously the Empire was pluralistic and marked by a search for a faith which would be satisfying intellectually and ethically and would give assurance of immortality.
In the third century after Christ the faith continued to spread.
For two thousand years, the Church has guided the development of music, carefully legislating to fuse artistic talent and aesthetic beauty with the demands of the Faith.
The enemy is not Islam, the great world faith, but a perversion of Islam.
I have deep respect for people's individual faith, but when faith gets connected to the machinery of state, or the machinery of hate, I find it very confronting.
If we are strong, and have faith in life and its richness of surprises, and hold the rudder steadily in our hands. I am sure we will sail into quiet and pleasent waters for our old age.
The solid, middle-class values of hard work, responsibility, family, community, and faith my father talked about tirelessly from Iowa to New York, he lived at home. The hopes he had for his family and for me, he had for all Americans. I think Americans understood this.
I met the president when he was president-elect at a meeting in Austin. He spoke of his faith. He spoke of his desire for a compassionate conservatism, for a faith-based initiative that would do something for poor people.
I think it's a good thing for a president or political leaders to want to put their values or their faith into action. Desmond Tutu did that in South Africa. Martin Luther King Jr. did that here. This is a good thing.
I'm often asked what I think about the faith of the President George W. Bush. I think it is sincere. I think it's very real. I think it's deeply held.
So when the only domestic social policy is tax cuts that mostly benefit the wealthiest Americans, we say, 'Where is faith being put into action here?'
The Negro people of America... have cut our forests, tilled our fields, built our railroads, fought our battles, and in all of their trials they have manifested a simple faith, a grateful heart, a cheerful spirit, and an undivided loyalty .
Those who are rooted in the depths that are eternal and unchangeable and who rely on unshakeable principles, face change full of courage, courage based on faith.
After 'Four Feathers,' I quit then because I just lost faith. I didn't like how the business was.
I don't worry about being in a hurry any more, because my faith in God will always deliver me on time.
Faith is the heroism of the intellect.
Propelled by freedom of faith, gender equality and economic justice for all, India will become a modern nation. Minor blemishes cannot cloak the fact that India is becoming such a modern nation: no faith is in danger in our country, and the continuing commitment to gender equality is one of the great narratives of our times.
I stepped out on faith to follow my lifelong dream of being an author. I made real sacrifices and took big risks. But living, it seems to me, is largely about risk.
Why should any man have power over any other man's faith, seeing Christ Himself is the author of it?
All the faith and good will in the world is wasted without direction.
In this new century, our commitment to family and to faith, to community and opportunity, to freedom and to hope, will be the light that shines to lead us forward.
It's also reflective of a young person's religion or faith in that it's highly charged with sacramental imagery and with country imagery, because I was in the seminary for so many years in the country.
I desire an special interest in your prayers that my faith fail not in the day of adversity.
Bad religion is arrogant, self-righteous, dogmatic and intolerant. And so is bad science. But unlike religious fundamentalists, scientific fundamentalists do not realize that their opinions are based on faith. They think they know the truth.
The facts of science are real enough, and so are the techniques that scientists use, and so are the technologies based on them. But the belief system that governs conventional scientific thinking is an act of faith.
Well, you have to keep your faith in the fact that there are a lot of intelligent people who are actively looking for something interesting, people who have been disappointed so many times.
If faith is your motivation, share that.
I've long been really intrigued with what is the... proper role of faith and religion in public life.
One of the joys of being a Christian or being a person of faith is that you believe deep down that death isn't the worst thing, you know. Not living your life: that's the worst thing. And death is not, it's not all it's cracked up to be. It's not, it's not the end of the world.
Faith is a dynamic and ever-changing process, not some fixed body of truth that exists outside our world and our understanding. God's truth may be fixed and unchanging, but our comprehension of that truth will always be partial and flawed at best.
Humor has always been important to me. If there is a shield of faith that you can keep up against difficulties, humor is the Teflon coating.
At issue in the Hiss Case was the question whether this sick society, which we call Western civilization, could in its extremity still cast up a man whose faith in it was so great that he would voluntarily abandon those things which men hold good, including life, to defend it.
At issue was the question whether this man's faith could prevail against a man whose equal faith it was that this society is sick beyond saving, and that mercy itself pleads for its swift extinction and replacement by another.
I think the issue of clergy sexual abuse sparked people to look at their faith in a different way.
We are the meeting place, an entity that's trying to connect faith and culture.
The Afghans did not have sophisticated weapons like the Soviets did, but with their faith they defeated a superpower.
I personally have always found the Unitarian faith a source of comfort and help in my daily life.
Put your faith in God and confidence in yourself.
I still have great faith in what is good and right in all of us.
The historical orthodox Christian faith is extremely wide and diverse.
Well, I affirm orthodox Christian faith. I affirm the Nicene Creed. I don't think I'm doing anything terribly new.
My parents were both very intellectually honest, straightforward, and for them, faith meant that you were fully engaged.
I want our government to encourage and protect freedom as well as our traditions of faith and family.
Faith makes all evil good to us, and all good better unbelief makes all good evil, and all evil worse. Faith laughs at the shaking of the spear unbelief trembles at the shaking of a leaf.
I think church and state should remain entirely separate at all costs, and that the decision of religious marriage should be of each faith to debate and decide free of political influence.
Yes, we were looking for a Faith spin-off, but then Faith backed down. Eliza got a really wonderful offer over on Fox in a show, and, for reasons I didn't talk to her about, she decided to go there, and everyone respects that.
There is a split between Muslims who want to practice their faith in peace and tolerance with other religions and other people, and these extreme, radical fundamentalists who have shown a total lack of tolerance for people with different views, starting with people who they don't think are good Muslims, and going on to include Christians and Jews.
Often, we are quick to find blame with others but yet are unable to give constructive responses. There seems to be a tendency to doubt almost everything. Do we not have faith in our own people's strengths and in our institutions? Can we afford distrust amongst ourselves?
When I started this project, I was a young architect. I was very apprehensive about any changes to the design. Whether I wanted to or not, I learned that you can accept some changes to its form without compromising its intent. But it's a leap of faith that I didn't want to make initially - to put it mildly.
Faith is the response to something which is calling us from the timeless part of our reality.
When you have put all your faith in man and continue to be disappointed, don't you hope there is something out of there that is not of human element?
The orthodox Jewish faith practically excludes woman from religious life.
In the Europe which was created by the Second World War, divided into two blocks, each in need of a revolution that would end the abuses and injustices of capitalism and the privileges of a bureaucratic caste, collective faith does not exist.
In times when religious or political faith or hope predominates, the writer functions totally in unison with society, and expresses society's feelings, beliefs, and hopes in perfect harmony.
You need to develop, somehow, a huge amount of faith and confidence in yourself, because there's a lot of rejection throughout an actor's life and you have to believe in yourself more than anyone else.
Our first responsibility is to protect the American people and we cannot put on blinders to expect that everyone who seeks asylum does so in good faith.
While your life is the true expression of your faith, whom can you fear?
The great thing is that whether we have faith or not, we are by and large very tolerant of people, whatever their particular view.
It's really important to say this. Often the faith schools were founded before the state provided education. I want good education in this country so I'm not going to slag off faith schools. I think that it's important that people of different backgrounds and different faiths go to school together and many faith schools do that.
If you cast your bread upon the water and you have faith, you'll get back cash. If you don't have faith, you'll get soggy bread.
Denzel's quality, I think, is his faith. You have all the action in your head and you have to believe in it and just do it. That's what he does and that's what he taught me to do.
A few years ago you couldn't go from TV to film. It was like a 'no no' but I believe when you find a plan and purpose that God has for your life, there's not anything man can do to you. Especially when your faith is not really standing in the wisdom of man, you're really standing in the wisdom of God.
Americans are fascinated by their own love of shopping. This does not make them unique. It's just that they have more to buy than most other people on the planet. And it's also an affirmation of faith in their country.
The New Right, in many cases, is doing nothing less than placing a heretical claim on Christian faith that distorts, confuses, and destroys the opportunity for a biblical understanding of Jesus Christ and of his gospel for millions of people.
But back to your question, it was a wonderful experience with the Art Ensemble, and I keep in contact and sort of follow what's going on, but it was also very important to make this step, you may say this leap of faith.
Have a little faith. Don't give up.
Know why you believe, understand what you believe, and possess a reason for the faith that is in you.
It just took all of that to come to a screeching halt, to get to the point of having nothing, for me to finally realize, Hey, what are you fighting with this for? Until then, I hadn't claimed my faith as my own I had just grown up with it.
I'm still going to make mistakes, but I don't have any problems with publicly professing my faith now. It just took me a long time to get to the right place in my relationship with Christ.
Faith means intense, usually confident, belief that is not based on evidence sufficient to command assent from every reasonable person.
I am convinced we shall succeed. I have faith in this country, because I have faith in its people.
I have learned to have more faith in the scientist than he does in himself.
There will be trying times during Obama's presidency, and liberty will need staunch defenders. Can Obama reshape liberalism to be, as it was under F.D.R., a fighting faith, unapologetically patriotic and strong in the defense of liberty? That would be a service to our country.
The process of philosophic and scientific enlightenment has shaken the stability of beliefs held explicitly as articles of faith.
In search of a complete education with the ideals of trust, faith, understanding and compassion, many families are turning to the structure, discipline and academic standards of Catholic schools.
Mr. Speaker, I am deeply concerned that many regions of this world are suffering from the effects of armed conflicts with religious aspects. I believe that the differences of faith are not the real reason for these conflicts.
It is something that is called MDS. It is a rare blood disorder that affects the bone marrow. I'm going to beat this. My doctors say it and my faith says it.
Those who have always had faith in its final success can do no less than rejoice as if it was our own triumph after five years of daily struggle to impose Cuban music on the European continent.
We will grieve not, rather find strength in what remains behind. In the faith that looks through death, in years that bring the philosophic mind.
Yes, you who called us godless, we found our faith in Adolf Hitler, and through him found God once again. That is the greatness of our day, that is our good fortune!
I've been brought up with the Christian faith with my family.
The civil rights movement was based on faith. Many of us who were participants in this movement saw our involvement as an extension of our faith. We saw ourselves doing the work of the Almighty. Segregation and racial discrimination were not in keeping with our faith, so we had to do something.
I will always try to share my faith with any person who is willing to listen. When I feel a wall go up, we can talk about something else... and I will pray for you.
Bush's faith in the rightness of his strategy in the broader war is deep-seated. It is a product of faith.
Faith is not trying to believe something regardless of the evidence. Faith is daring to do something regardless of the consequences.
I have a Christian worldview and so it shapes the way that I view issues. I don't apologize for that, and I don't think people of faith ought to shrink away from being in the public arena.
Voters must have faith in the electoral process for our democracy to succeed.
There are many countries where you can only believe more or you can believe less. But in the United States we have this incredible smorgasbord, and it really interests me why people are drawn to one faith rather than another, especially to a system of belief that to an outsider seems absurd or dangerous.
I believe that we must reach our brother, never toning down our fundamental oppositions, but meeting him when he asks to be met, with a reason for the faith that is in us, as well as with a loving sympathy for them as brothers.
It is easier to have faith that God will support each House of Hospitality and Farming Commune and supply our needs in the way of food and money to pay bills, than it is to keep a strong, hearty, living faith in each individual around us - to see Christ in him.
Let those who, still in their youth, have preserved their faith and fullness of hope, keep looking up.
Do not fear lest you should meditate too much upon Him and speak of Him in an unworthy way, providing you are led by faith. Do not fear lest you should entertain false opinions of Him so long as they are in conformity with the notion of the infinitely perfect Being.
In this connection, faith and experience teach us many truths by means of the short-cut of authority and by the proofs of very pleasant and agreeable feelings.
Insurgents have capitalized on popular resentment and anger towards the United States and the Iraqi government to build their own political, financial and military support, and the faith of Iraqi citizens in their new government has been severely undermined.
Greece's European neighbors were able step in and bolster the weak foundation on which Greece's free-spending budget was based. It would be difficult for any country, or intergovernmental organization, to rescue an economy the size of the U.S. if investors were ever to lose faith in our bonds because of our enormous debt.
Many are needed to plant and water what has been planted now that the faith has spread so far and there are so many people... No matter who plants or waters, God gives no harvest unless what is planted is the faith of Peter and unless he agrees to his teachings.
When you look around right now, Nashville is kind of going through another changing of guard you're watching the Martina McBrides and the Faith Hills and all of them that have been the big stars for the last however many years, and the next generation is coming in: Miranda Lambert, Carrie Underwood, those girls.
Losing faith in your own singularity is the start of wisdom, I suppose also the first announcement of death.
It would make life much easier if I could have total faith and not question everything all the time, but I can't do it and I won't do it.
The only force that can overcome an idea and a faith is another and better idea and faith, positively and fearlessly upheld.
I believe that today's players who are Christians feel that it's important and their responsibility to acknowledge their faith.
Reason is an action of the mind knowledge is a possession of the mind but faith is an attitude of the person. It means you are prepared to stake yourself on something being so.
Whoever sets any bounds for the reconstructive power of the religious life over the social relations and institutions of men, to that extent denies the faith of the Master.
To a certain extent I am taking a leap of faith. I'm adding up the evidence on either side, and I'm seeing the evidence of there not being a God is overwhelming compared to the evidence for there being a God.
God's got something for me. I have faith it'll be OK.
I am struck by the fact that personal faith and political agendas are intertwined more closely now than at any other time in recent history.
Faith is believing in things when common sense tells you not to.
Personal faith can be a powerful force for public good.
My faith grew strong, and I sent a letter (as I was ordered) to the Rev. Dignitary of the Cathedral of Exeter. I was assured, before I sent it, he would not answer it.
The doubt of an earnest, thoughtful, patient and laborious mind is worthy of respect. In such doubt may be found indeed more faith than in half the creeds.
Millions of Americans find community, comfort and support in their faith.
Faith given back to us after a night of doubt is a stronger thing, and far more valuable to us than faith that has never been tested.
My faith, inasmuch as I have any, is more like a kind of Joseph Campbell thing, and even that frequently finds itself tested to oblivion in siren waters.
The principal end both of my father and of myself in the conquest of India... has been the propagation of the holy Catholic faith.
And in that I cannot send unto you all my businesses in writing, I despatch these present bearers fully informed in all things, to whom it may please you to give faith and credence in what they shall say unto you by word of mouth.
I'm an enormous fan of people who have had a lot of faith in themselves, and been on a tremendous journey.
I've always had great faith in people.
Faith is a higher faculty than reason.
I've always had great faith in the Man Upstairs.
I believe though I do not comprehend, and I hold by faith what I cannot grasp with the mind.
Testimony is an integral part of the Black religious tradition. It is the occasion where the believer stands before the community of faith in order to give account of the hope that is in him or her.
I'll never stop dreaming that one day we can be a real family, together, all of us laughing and talking, loving and understanding, not looking at the past but only to the future.
If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.
Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten.
The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege.
Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship.
Family is not an important thing. It's everything.
Family is the most important thing in the world.
A family can develop only with a loving woman as its center.
A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
A woman can take care of the family. It takes a man to provide structure, to provide stability.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance.
The greatest thing in family life is to take a hint when a hint is intended-and not to take a hint when a hint isn't intended.
He who is overly attached to his family members experiences fear and sorrow, for the root of all grief is attachment. Thus one should discard attachment to be happy.
Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
America cannot continue to lead the family of nations around the world if we suffer the collapse of the family here at home.
People are pretty forgiving when it comes to other people's families. The only family that ever horrifies you is your own.
My family comes first. Maybe that's what makes me different from other guys.
If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.
Cherish your human connections - your relationships with friends and family.
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement improve your attitude toward your family.
I come from that society and there is a common thread, specifically family values - the idea that you do anything for your family, and the unconditional love for one's children.
Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.
All of us grow up in particular realities - a home, family, a clan, a small town, a neighborhood. Depending upon how we're brought up, we are either deeply aware of the particular reading of reality into which we are born, or we are peripherally aware of it.
Dad kept us out of school, but school comes and goes. Family is forever.
To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there.
The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
My family is my strength and my weakness.
I was born into the most remarkable and eccentric family I could possibly have hoped for.
Rarely do members of the same family grow up under the same roof.
I woke up one morning thinking about wolves and realized that wolf packs function as families. Everyone has a role, and if you act within the parameters of your role, the whole pack succeeds, and when that falls apart, so does the pack.
A family is a place where principles are hammered and honed on the anvil of everyday living.
The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family.
Maybe there is no actual place called hell. Maybe hell is just having to listen to our grandparents breathe through their noses when they're eating sandwiches.
If one is desperate for love, I suggest looking at one's friends and family and see if love is all around. If not, get a new set of friends, a new family.
The children have been a wonderful gift to me, and I'm thankful to have once again seen our world through their eyes. They restore my faith in the family's future.
When trouble comes, it's your family that supports you.
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
Little children are still the symbol of the eternal marriage between love and duty.
I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life.
First and foremost comes my family and my life with Brad. We have so much joy in raising our children and teaching them about the world that nothing really compares to that.
One's family is the most important thing in life. I look at it this way: One of these days I'll be over in a hospital somewhere with four walls around me. And the only people who'll be with me will be my family.
Dignity is not negotiable. Dignity is the honor of the family.
My father used to play with my brother and me in the yard. Mother would come out and say, 'You're tearing up the grass' 'We're not raising grass,' Dad would reply. 'We're raising boys.'
The family is the first essential cell of human society.
One of the things that binds us as a family is a shared sense of humor.
The family is the test of freedom because the family is the only thing that the free man makes for himself and by himself.
For me, nothing has ever taken precedence over being a mother and having a family and a home.
When you have a godly husband, a godly wife, children who respect their parents and who are loved by their parents, who provide for those children their physical and spiritual and material needs, lovingly, you have the ideal unit.
Both within the family and without, our sisters hold up our mirrors: our images of who we are and of who we can dare to be.
In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.
The family you come from isn't as important as the family you're going to have.
What must it be like for a little boy to read that daddy never loved mummy?
It's very strange that most people don't care if their knowledge of their family history only goes back three generations.
I've given it my all. I've done my best. Now, I'm ready with my family to begin the next phase of our lives.
I am the baby in the family, and I always will be. I am actually very happy to have that position. But I still get teased. I don't mind that.
As a general thing, when a woman wears the pants in a family, she has a good right to them.
The family is the nucleus of civilization.
I've always put my family first and that's just the way it is.
I don't think anyone has a normal family.
I never did quite fit the glamour mode. It is life with my husband and family that is my high now.
There's nothing I value more than the closeness of friends and family, a smile as I pass someone on the street.
My kids give me the balance to live right.
There is no such thing as fun for the whole family.
Tennis just a game, family is forever.
I have frequently been questioned, especially by women, of how I could reconcile family life with a scientific career. Well, it has not been easy.
I believe the world is one big family, and we need to help each other.
When I was younger, my family would go camping and fishing on our ranches. My dad loves being around all kinds of animals. He's the one who got me to be a really big animal lover.
I grew up in a big family with a lot of kids around, and I definitely want to have children as well.
My life comes down to three moments: the death of my father, meeting my husband, and the birth of my daughter. Everything I did previous to that just doesn't seem to add up to very much.
The attempt to redefine the family as a purely voluntary arrangement grows out of the modern delusion that people can keep all their options open all the time.
It is extraordinary that when you are acquainted with a whole family you can forget about them.
It takes a lot of work to put together a marriage, to put together a family and a home.
Family life itself, that safest, most traditional, most approved of female choices, is not a sanctuary: It is, perpetually, a dangerous place.
A family is a risky venture, because the greater the love, the greater the loss... That's the trade-off. But I'll take it all.
You leave home to seek your fortune and, when you get it, you go home and share it with your family.
I mean, I look at my dad. He was twenty when he started having a family, and he was always the coolest dad. He did everything for his kids, and he never made us feel like he was pressured. I know that it must be a great feeling to be a guy like that.
I find the family the most mysterious and fascinating institution in the world.
Pray in your family daily, that yours may be in the number of the families who call upon God.
If we abandon marriage, we abandon the family.
I am tortured when I am away from my family, from my children. I am horribly guilt-ridden.
The left dismisses talk about the collapse of family life and talks instead about the emergence of the growing new diversity of family types.
Women's natural role is to be a pillar of the family.
Some of the most important conversations I've ever had occurred at my family's dinner table.
It's not that our family has no taste, it's just that our family's taste is inconsistent.
A woman should be home with the children, building that home and making sure there's a secure family atmosphere.
I consider my mom and all my sisters my friends.
A woman can plan when to have her family and how to support a family.
I'm not much of a family man. I'm just not that into it. I love kids, I adore them, but I don't want to live my life for them.
My family is more important than my party.
I am the family face flesh perishes, I live on.
I stay in tune with my family and God.
When I'm ready, I plan to adopt. I still believe in family.
I would rather start a family than finish one.
You have to defend your honor. And your family.
Happy is said to be the family which can eat onions together. They are, for the time being, separate, from the world, and have a harmony of aspiration.
I have a family to support. And I'm not always going to be doing exactly what I want to do.
Parents need all the help they can get. The strongest as well as the most fragile family requires a vital network of social supports.
When you start about family, about lineage and ancestry, you are talking about every person on earth.
I would love a family. I'm at the age where the wish for a child gets stronger. But who knows.
I have a lot of very close girlfriends and sisters - I'm from an all female family. My father often quips that even the cat was neutered!
At a certain point I'm going to want to have a family.
I love my family.
For all of those willing to help me start a family, I am flattered. I will let you know when I need your help.
I realized my family was funny, because nobody ever wanted to leave our house.
The one thing that kept our family together was the music. The only thing that our family would share emotionally was to have our dad cry over something the kids did with music.
My family was my guide to my reality.
We'll sort of get over the marriage first and then maybe look at the kids. But obviously we want a family so we'll have to start thinking about that.
I love children and I get along with them great. It's just that I believe if you're going to be a parent, there has to be something inside you that says, 'I want a family.' I don't feel that sense of urgency.
I love cooking for myself and cooking for my family.
Also, my mom and family are very important to me and I know that this is not expected.
I live quietly at home among my family and friends.
I don't know if I believe in marriage. I believe in family, love and children.
Make a Goal Box, a chart of positive daily contact with a family when you are working with them.
The most difficult is the first family, to bring someone out of the world.
When I remember my family, I always remember their backs. They were always indignantly leaving places.
If I had no family, my wife and I would lead a much more romantic and nomadic existence.
Family, nature and health all go together.
There are things that you cannot talk to your mother and father about, there are things that you cannot talk to your children about.
I grew up in a very religious family. I could read the Qu'ran easily at the age of five.
The foundation of family - that's where it all begins for me.
I grew up in a family in which political issues were often discussed, and debated intensely.
I have these visions of myself being thirty, thirty-five, forty having a family.
My family background was deeply Christian.
Like all my family and class, I considered it a sign of weakness to show affection to have been caught kissing my mother would have been a disgrace, and to have shown affection for my father would have been a disaster.
The joke in our family is that we can cry reading the phone book.
We went to church every Sunday. When I was a kid, the only time I sang was around my family.
Our family life was certainly not intellectual.
We love to be with our family and friends and I can tell you that lots of eating will be involved.
My whole damn family was nice. I don't think I've imagined it. It's true. Maybe it has to do with being brought up as Christian Scientists. Half of my relatives were Readers or Practitioners in the church.
God did not intend the human family to be wafted to heaven on flowery beds of ease.
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.
It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family.
Every child should have a caring adult in their lives. And that's not always a biological parent or family member. It may be a friend or neighbor. Often times it is a teacher.
As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live.
Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible - the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family.
My family, frankly, they weren't folks who went to church every week. My mother was one of the most spiritual people I knew but she didn't raise me in the church, so I came to my Christian faith later in life and it was because the precepts of Jesus Christ spoke to me in terms of the kind of life that I would want to lead.
The great danger for family life, in the midst of any society whose idols are pleasure, comfort and independence, lies in the fact that people close their hearts and become selfish.
Fathers should be neither seen nor heard. That is the only proper basis for family life.
Actors are one family over the entire world.
He that raises a large family does, indeed, while he lives to observe them, stand a broader mark for sorrow but then he stands a broader mark for pleasure too.
Any problem, big or small, within a family, always seems to start with bad communication. Someone isn't listening.
When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, 'Why god? Why me?' and the thundering voice of God answered, 'There's just something about you that pisses me off.'
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way.
The other night I ate at a real nice family restaurant. Every table had an argument going.
All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.
No matter what you've done for yourself or for humanity, if you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
It's true, Christmas can feel like a lot of work, particularly for mothers. But when you look back on all the Christmases in your life, you'll find you've created family traditions and lasting memories. Those memories, good and bad, are really what help to keep a family together over the long haul.
Once you agree upon the price you and your family must pay for success, it enables you to ignore the minor hurts, the opponent's pressure, and the temporary failures.
The details surrounding both my marriage and subsequent filing for divorce are private, and I had hoped to keep them that way for the sake of my family.
So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. All other pacts of love or fear derive from it and are modeled upon it.
I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.
Positive feelings come from being honest about yourself and accepting your personality, and physical characteristics, warts and all and, from belonging to a family that accepts you without question.
To maintain a joyful family requires much from both the parents and the children. Each member of the family has to become, in a special way, the servant of the others.
Perhaps the greatest social service that can be rendered by anybody to the country and to mankind is to bring up a family.
My friends and family are my support system. They tell me what I need to hear, not what I want to hear and they are there for me in the good and bad times. Without them I have no idea where I would be and I know that their love for me is what's keeping my head above the water.
The first-born in every family is always dreaming for an imaginary older brother or sister who will look out for them.
All the laws and legislation in the world will never heal this world like the loving hearts and arms of mothers and fathers. If every child could drift to sleep feeling wrapped in the love of their family - and God's love - this world would be a far more gentle and better place.
If it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, we have at least to consider the possibility that we have a small aquatic bird of the family anatidae on our hands.
If I win and get the money, then the Oakland Police department is going to buy a boys' home, me a house, my family a house, and a Stop Police Brutality Center.
On Thanksgiving I will stop to give thanks that my family is safe and healthy, especially because I realize that, following the tragedies of this year, it is all too real a possibility that they might not have been.
Blood relatives often have nothing to do with family, and similarly, family is about who you choose to make your life with.
I am confident that nobody... will accuse me of selfishness if I ask to spend time, while I am still in good health, with my family, my friends and also with myself.
I looked up my family tree and found three dogs using it.
All happy families resemble one another, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
With all my fans I got a family again.
My restaurants are never opened on Thanksgiving I want my staff to spend time with their family if they can. My feeling is, if I can't figure out how to make money the rest of the year so that my workers can enjoy the holidays, then I don't deserve to be an owner.
The most merciful thing that a family does to one of its infant members is to kill it.
I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage.
Family is conflict and it's something that we all relate to.
So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
Smartness runs in my family. When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.
We believed in our idea - a family park where parents and children could have fun- together.
Like religion, politics, and family planning, cereal is not a topic to be brought up in public. It's too controversial.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
Marriage is an act of will that signifies and involves a mutual gift, which unites the spouses and binds them to their eventual souls, with whom they make up a sole family - a domestic church.
I have Muslim members of my family. I have lived in Muslim countries.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.
As a single withered tree, if set aflame, causes a whole forest to burn, so does a rascal son destroy a whole family.
I love my family very much. I wish I could see them a little more often than I do. But we understand because we're a show business family and we all work.
This is all the inheritance I give to my dear family. The religion of Christ will give them one which will make them rich indeed.
My biggest hobby is hanging out with my family and kids.
I was angry and frustrated until I started my own family and my first child was born. Until then I didn't really appreciate life the way I should have, but fortunately I woke up.
The most important thing in the world is family and love.
My mother's love has always been a sustaining force for our family, and one of my greatest joys is seeing her integrity, her compassion, her intelligence reflected in my daughters.
A man ought to live so that everybody knows he is a Christian... and most of all, his family ought to know.
If you cannot work on the marriage or the women is a moron, staying married and cheating makes the most sense because divorce is disruptive to the family life and your bank account.
The American culture promotes personal responsibility, the dignity of work, the value of education, the merit of service, devotion to a purpose greater than self, and at the foundation, the pre-eminence of family.
Now is the moment when we can stand up and say, 'I'm an American. I make my destiny. And we deserve better! My children deserve better! My family deserves better. My country deserves better!' So here we stand. Americans have a choice.
My dad had been born in Mexico and his family had to leave during the Mexican revolution.
The promise of America has always been that if you worked hard, had the right values, took some risks, that there was an opportunity to build a better life for your family and for your next generation.
President Obama promised to begin to slow the rise of the oceans and heal the planet. My promise... is to help you and your family.
When someone has cancer, the whole family and everyone who loves them does, too.
I love my family and I miss them very much but I'm a new person now. I know a lot of people will not agree with what I've done, but it was right for me.
I have now disposed of all my property to my family. There is one thing more I wish I could give them, and that is the Christian religion.
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.
Nobody has ever before asked the nuclear family to live all by itself in a box the way we do. With no relatives, no support, we've put it in an impossible situation.
You cannot have maternal health without reproductive health. And reproductive health includes contraception and family planning and access to legal, safe abortion.
Family quarrels are bitter things. They don't go according to any rules. They're not like aches or wounds, they're more like splits in the skin that won't heal because there's not enough material.
All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women.
I'm just glad I was able to return to some of that innocence and beauty I had as a child when I started my own family, and my children brought me back some of that spirit.
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.
If you ever start feeling like you have the goofiest, craziest, most dysfunctional family in the world, all you have to do is go to a state fair. Because five minutes at the fair, you'll be going, 'you know, we're alright. We are dang near royalty.'
The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf.
A family with the wrong members in control that, perhaps, is as near as one can come to describing England in a phrase.
Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family.
All in the Family was intellectual it was art.
Where would you be without friends? The people to pick you up when you need lifting? We come from homes far from perfect, so you end up almost parent and sibling to your friends - your own chosen family. There's nothing like a really loyal, dependable, good friend. Nothing.
I think every girl needs to love herself, regardless of anything. Like if you're having a bad day, if you don't like your hair, if you don't have the best family situation, whatever, you have to love yourself and you can't do anything until you love yourself first.
In my family, we were Americans, we were Republicans and we were Methodists.
No one really wants to admit they are lonely, and it is never really addressed very much between friends and family. But I have felt lonely many times in my life.
I think every chef, not just in America, but across the world, has a double-edged sword - two jackets, one that's driven, a self-confessed perfectionist, thoroughbred, hate incompetence and switch off the stove, take off the jacket and become a family man.
Basketball is my passion, I love it. But my family and friends mean everything to me. That's what's important. I need my phone so I can keep in contact with them at all times.
Happy or unhappy, families are all mysterious. We have only to imagine how differently we would be described - and will be, after our deaths - by each of the family members who believe they know us.
I believe with all my heart that America remains 'the great idea' that inspires the world. It is a privilege to be born here. It is an honor to become a citizen here. It is a gift to raise your family here, to vote here, and to live here.
No amount of law enforcement can solve a problem that goes back to the family.
Family love is messy, clinging, and of an annoying and repetitive pattern, like bad wallpaper.
The seven deadly sins: Want of money, bad health, bad temper, chastity, family ties, knowing that you know things, and believing in the Christian religion.
Nixon was the most dishonest individual I have ever met in my life. He lied to his wife, his family, his friends, his colleagues in the Congress, lifetime members of his own political party, the American people and the world.
Apparently, one in five people in the world are Chinese. And there are five people in my family, so it must be one of them. It's either my mum or my dad. Or my older brother, Colin. Or my younger brother, Ho-Chan-Chu. But I think it's Colin.
If you have autism in the family history, you still vaccinate. Delay it a bit, space them out.
I am blessed to have so many great things in my life - family, friends and God. All will be in my thoughts daily.
At best the family teaches the finest things human beings can learn from one another generosity and love. But it is also, all too often, where we learn nasty things like hate, rage and shame.
I say, If everybody in this house lives where it's God first, friends and family second and you third, we won't ever have an argument.
But the problem is that when I go around and speak on campuses, I still don't get young men standing up and saying, 'How can I combine career and family?'
My father was brought up in an orphanage in the Catskills. He was a factory worker. And because his family wasn't there for him, family was everything. We could disagree inside the house, but outside the house it was us against the world. So when I became a drag actor, he looked sideways but said okay.
My family and I would never receive royalties on the revenue that my materials brought into the church materials that were created on our own personal time.
A good job is more than just a paycheck. A good job fosters independence and discipline, and contributes to the health of the community. A good job is a means to provide for the health and welfare of your family, to own a home, and save for retirement.
My work and my family are very important to me.
I refuse to feel guilty. I feel guilty about too much in my life but not about money. I went through periods when I had nothing, so somebody in my family has to get stinkin' wealthy.
Everything I have, my career, my success, my family, I owe to America.
Probably the worst time in a person's life is when they have to kill a family member because they are the devil. But otherwise it's been a pretty good day.
If you have learned how to disagree without being disagreeable, then you have discovered the secrete of getting along - whether it be business, family relations, or life itself.
My wife and I both come from Irish families. There are two kinds of Irish families: the hitting kind and the kidding kind. If you're fortunate - and both of us are - you come from the kidding kind of Irish family.
My family kinda hit the skids. We were experiencing poverty at that point. We all got a job, where the whole family had to work as security guards and janitors. And I just got angry.
The practice of patience toward one another, the overlooking of one another's defects, and the bearing of one another's burdens is the most elementary condition of all human and social activity in the family, in the professions, and in society.
It's hard knowing who to trust with your personal life. When you cry in your room at night, you don't always know who to call. So I am very close to my family.
The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers. The original meal has never been found.
Think about what people are doing on Facebook today. They're keeping up with their friends and family, but they're also building an image and identity for themselves, which in a sense is their brand. They're connecting with the audience that they want to connect to. It's almost a disadvantage if you're not on it now.
Italians come to ruin most generally in three ways, women, gambling, and farming. My family chose the slowest one.
I had this child, and it destroyed my family.
People should watch out for three things: avoid a major addiction, don't get so deeply into debt that it controls your life, and don't start a family before you're ready to settle down.
I was told to avoid the business all together because of the rejection. People would say to me, 'Don't you want to have a normal job and a normal family?' I guess that would be good advice for some people, but I wanted to act.
There is little less trouble in governing a private family than a whole kingdom.
There is not much less vexation in the government of a private family than in the managing of an entire state.
The God who existed before any religion counts on you to make the oneness of the human family known and celebrated.
I do have a close circle of friends and I am very fortunate to have them as friends. I feel very close to them I think friends are everything in life after your family. You come across lots of people all the time but you only make very few friends and you have to be true to them otherwise what's the point in life?
The baby boomers are getting older, and will stay older for longer. And they will run right into the dementia firing range. How will a society cope? Especially a society that can't so readily rely on those stable family relationships that traditionally provided the backbone of care?
Universal peace sounds ridiculous to the head of an average family.
The Hispanic community understands the American Dream and have not forgotten what they were promised - that in the U.S., a free market system, allows us all to succeed economically, achieve stability and security for your family and leave your children better off than yourselves.
Clearly older women and especially older women who have led an active life or elder women who successfully maneuver through their own family life have so much to teach us about sharing, patience, and wisdom.
I've been so fortunate in my life that my family has never been jealous of my success. They have shown true love and commitment to me by being supportive. They shared in it.
Sure, I have friends, plenty of friends, and they all come around wantin' to borrow money. I've always been generous with my friends and family, with money, but selfish with the important stuff like love.
There are no adequate substitutes for father, mother, and children bound together in a loving commitment to nurture and protect. No government, no matter how well-intentioned, can take the place of the family in the scheme of things.
Christmas can have a real melancholy aspect, 'cause it packages itself as this idea of perfect family cohesion and love, and you're always going to come up short when you measure your personal life against the idealized personal lives that are constantly thrust in our faces, primarily by TV commercials.
As women slowly gain power, their values and priorities are reshaping the agenda. A multitude of studies show that when women control the family funds, they generally spend more on health, nutrition, and education - and less on alcohol and cigarettes.
As you age naturally, your family shows more and more on your face. If you deny that, you deny your heritage.
The virtue of privacy is one that must be protected in matters that are intimate and within one's own family.
The moment someone chooses to trust in Jesus Christ, his sins are wiped away, and he is adopted into God's family. That individual is set apart as a child of God, with a sacred purpose.
Left-wing politicians take away your liberty in the name of children and of fighting poverty, while right-wing politicians do it in the name of family values and fighting drugs. Either way, government gets bigger and you become less free.
The only sensible ends of literature are, first, the pleasurable toil of writing second, the gratification of one's family and friends and lastly, the solid cash.
I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap.
We give a lot of others significance in our lives even when they don't deserve it. It doesn't matter if they're family or if you've known them forever. If they're not good for you, they've got to go.
If you have issues with family, friends, and people at work, try and solve these issues head on so you can move on and concentrate on having the life you want.
In that I found being able to talk to my family about my feelings, praying for strength and realizing that our lives have a deep purpose and the journey of our lives is to find out what that is and express it, was the only way I could have gotten through it.
Everything happens for a reason. I'm used to it, I prepare for it. Like I say, at the end of the day, those in charge of their own destiny are going to do what's right for them and their family.
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold.
We are special because we've been united not by a common race or ethnicity. We're bound together by common values. That family is the most important institution in society. That almighty God is the source of all we have.
You all know that I have been sustained throughout my life by three saving graces - my family, my friends, and a faith in the power of resilience and hope. These graces have carried me through difficult times and they have brought more joy to the good times than I ever could have imagined.
I think illness is a family journey, no matter what the outcome. Everybody has to be allowed to process it and mourn and deal with it in their own way.
God's dream is that you and I and all of us will realize that we are family, that we are made for togetherness, for goodness, and for compassion.
Your ability to communicate is an important tool in your pursuit of your goals, whether it is with your family, your co-workers or your clients and customers.
One of the greatest things drama can do, at it's best, is to redefine the words we use every day such as love, home, family, loyalty and envy. Tragedy need not be a downer.
My childhood was safe and sane. No abuse and no traumas. I was surrounded by a large and loving family who taught me the importance of hard work and a meaningful education.
I think that in a year I may retire. I cannot take my money with me when I die and I wish to enjoy it, with my family, while I live. I should prefer living in Germany to any other country, though I am an American, and am loyal to my country.
In the investigation of a neurotic style of life, we must always suspect an opponent, and note who suffers most because of the patient's condition. Usually this is a member of the family.
Getting married and starting a family has been a lifelong goal and one that I have persevered through different paths up to it!
I cannot remember a moment in my life when I have not felt the love of my family. We were a family that would have killed for each other - and we still are.
A man filled with the love of God is not content with blessing his family alone, but ranges through the whole world, anxious to bless the whole human race.
And I keep saying, whether you like the president or not, everybody has to pull together and help the president because, as the president goes, so goes the country, as the country goes, so goes your job, your ability to feed your family, your government.
Rather like Batman, I embody the themes of the movie which are the values of family, courage and compassion and a sense of right and wrong, good and bad and justice.
Life goes by really fast, and it seems that there are times when you're burying a lot of friends and family. And then there are times that feel really precious and everybody is doing okay. This is one of those times.
The first pages of memory are like the old family Bible. The first leaves are wholly faded and somewhat soiled with handling. But, when we turn further, and come to the chapters where Adam and Eve were banished from Paradise, then, all begins to grow clear and legible.
I would prefer to have no money but to have a nice family and good friends around.
I've never had a divorce, but I've seen so many of my friends, my sister, my family go through that stuff, so I try to write for the people that can't write about it. I take on their sorrow, so I'm able to kind of express it, or their joy.
A real hangover is nothing to try out family remedies on. The only cure for a real hangover is death.
I'm surrounded by great friends and family. I don't know what I would do without them.
Love and fear. Everything the father of a family says must inspire one or the other.
In God's family, there are no outsiders, no enemies.
Family life is too intimate to be preserved by the spirit of justice. It can be sustained by a spirit of love which goes beyond justice.
Holidays are the best. I couldn't imagine being from a small family.
Everything family does is reflection on the other people.
My mother has always been the social glue holding the family together.
I always put clothes and family photos under the mattress, in case the house burns down.
I know some people say it's not the best to work with your family, but I have never understood that because it's always worked so well for me.
Since I'm always working, my best holiday memories are definitely when I can just go home and spend time with my family.
I talked about my family, my family's so important.
People think I have courage. The courage in my family are my wife Pam, my three daughters, here, Nicole, Jamie, LeeAnn, my mom, who's right here too.
When we're dealing with the people in our family - no matter how annoying or gross they may be, no matter how self-inflicted their suffering may appear, no matter how afflicted they are with ignorance, prejudice or nose hairs - we give from the deepest parts of ourselves.
The breakdown of the black community, in order to maintain slavery, began with the breakdown of the black family. Men and women were not legally allowed to get married because you couldn't have that kind of love. It might get in the way of the economics of slavery. Your children could be taken from you and literally sold down the river.
We will see a breakdown of the family and family values if we decide to approve same-sex marriage, and if we decide to establish homosexuality as an acceptable alternative lifestyle with all the benefits that go with equating it with the heterosexual lifestyle.
You go through life wondering what is it all about but at the end of the day it's all about family.
The police cannot protect the citizen at this stage of our development, and they cannot even protect themselves in many cases. It is up to the private citizen to protect himself and his family, and this is not only acceptable, but mandatory.
It is the logic of consumerism that undermines the values of loyalty and permanence and promotes a different set of values that is destructive of family life.
Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contributions. Keep the church and state forever separate.
I've made all my money on my own without my family and I work very hard.
I guess you could say I devoted myself so strongly to my music that for awhile I forgot about my family. But I only get one set of parents, and I think I forgot about that for a little while.
When families are strong and stable, so are children - showing higher levels of wellbeing and more positive outcomes. But when things go wrong - either through family breakdown or a damaged parental relationship - the impact on a child's later life can be devastating.
See, that's why Barack's running: to end the war in Iraq responsibly - to build an economy that lifts every family, to make sure health care is available for every American - and to make sure that every child in this nation has a world-class education all the way from preschool to college.
It all starts with the script: it's not worth taking myself away from my family if I don't have something I'm really passionate about.
Historically, the family has played the primary role in educating children for life, with the school providing supplemental scaffolding to the family.
I did commit to myself that I would not jump back into being the workaholic that I can be before I gave myself an honest opportunity to create the marriage of my dreams and to create the beginning of the family of my dreams, and that took a hot second.
You know, my family and friends have never been yes-men: 'Yes, you're doing the right thing, you're always right.' No, they tell me when I'm wrong, and that's why I've been able to stay who I am and stay humble.
Children in a family are like flowers in a bouquet: there's always one determined to face in an opposite direction from the way the arranger desires.
The CIA is made up of boys whose families sent them to Princeton but wouldn't let them into the family brokerage business.
There's a schizoid streak within the family anyway so I dare say that I'm affected by that. The majority of the people in my family have been in some kind of mental institution, as for my brother he doesn't want to leave. He likes it very much.
Let your family, staff, and friends know that you're still the same person, despite all the publicity and notoriety that accompanies your position.
I come from a family of very devout, praying people. That idea of peace and love toward humanity shouldn't be nationalistic or denominational. It should be a chief concern for all mankind.
What people don't understand is joining a gang ain't bad, it's cool, it's fine. When you in the hood, joining a gang it's cool because all your friends are in the gang, all your family's in the gang. We're not just killing people every night, we're just hanging out, having a good time.
I am not generous about telling people who I am and what I like to do because it's my life and it only belongs to me and my friends and family.
Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!
I was born in ancient times, at the end of the world, in a patriarchal Catholic and conservative family. No wonder that by age five I was a raging feminist - although the term had not reached Chile yet, so nobody knew what the heck was wrong with me.
I am healthy, my family is healthy. That is the important thing. After that we go racing.
I realised how paranoid and guarded and not trusting - walled-in - I had become. Not consciously so, but just this armour that I kind of have, protective armour. It's not for my friends or family, but for being.outside in the world, always on guard.
I'm a girl from a good family who was very well brought up. One day I turned my back on it all and became a bohemian.
Everybody has basically the same family, it's just reconfigured slightly differently from one to the next.
Together, we can help make sure that every family that walks into a restaurant can make an easy, healthy choice.
I missed my home - like the physicality of my home, I missed my friends and my family mostly and just hanging out and being in your home country - culturally it feels right and that is what I miss.
Leave the President's family business to him. You will have plenty to do without trying to manage the First Family. They are likely to do fine without your help.
For the Nugent family, fast food is a running herbivore.
But with the steady disintegration of the family in modern society over the last century, the role of the school in bridging the gap has become vital!
I was raised by a single mother who made a way for me. She used to scrub floors as a domestic worker, put a cleaning rag in her pocketbook and ride the subways in Brooklyn so I would have food on the table. But she taught me as I walked her to the subway that life is about not where you start, but where you're going. That's family values.
And when I was young, my family was perfectly nice. I write a lot about it, as you noticed. But it was rather limited. I think, I don't think anyone in my family would really feel I'd done them an injustice by saying that. We didn't see many people. There were many books. It was as if I wanted to get away from home.
Like family, we are tied to each other. This is what all good musicians understand.
My parents were French and Irish and our family even has Spanish blood-and I do so love the United States and consider myself part American.
I just want my family to be safe. Because I am sometimes polarizing, I fear for their safety.
People under the influence of cults is similar to that we observe in addicts. Typical behaviour for both includes draining bank accounts, neglecting children, destroying relations with family and losing interest in anything except the drug or cult.
The question of the family now divides our society so deeply that the opposing sides cannot even agree on a definition of the institution they are arguing about.
My family got all over me because they said Bush is only for the rich people. Then I reminded them, 'Hey, I'm rich'.
There can be hope only for a society which acts as one big family, not as many separate ones.
My kids say if there's any family dinner that doesn't result in somebody crying, it's not a good dinner. They cry because it helps relieve them of a guilt or some onerous emotional burden. It's like a family tradition.
Growing up in a particular neighborhood, growing up in a working-class family, not having much money, all of those things fire you and can give you an edge, can give you an anger.
I'm healthy, have a loving and adorable family, great hunting dogs, a gravity defying musical career and most importantly, fuzzy-headed idiots hate me.
Do it no matter what. If you believe in it, it is something very honorable. If somebody around you or your family does not understand it, then that's their problem. But if you do have a passion, an honest passion, just do it.
Because I didn't have brothers, I was always interested in the kids down the street that had four brothers in their family, so I became one of them - but it was not my family. I've always been attracted to temporary families. They tend to be lost characters.
Woman is the salvation or the destruction of the family. She carries its destiny in the folds of her mantle.
I love when I go out and I have my hair and makeup done, but I also like it when I'm just with the family because that's real.
In five years' time I'd like to be a mum. I want to settle down and have a family, definitely sooner rather than later. I'd like to have finished my second album too, maybe even my third. I'd like a sound that sticks around that other people are inspired by and that people know is me.
My mom is the backbone not just of my family but of many families.
Family's first, and that's what matters most. We realize that our love goes deeper than the tennis game.
I'm thankful to my family, friends, and fans for all of their support.
Over the last couple of years, I've really worked toward balancing my life out more, having a little bit more time with friends, family and my boyfriend. There was a period of time when they were way down the list. It was all about music and touring and if everything fell by the wayside, so be it.
It is time to return to core values, time to get back to basics , to self-discipline and respect for the law, to consideration for the others, to accepting responsibility for yourself and your family - and not shuffling it off on other people and the state.
There's a bond among a kitchen staff, I think. You spend more time with your chef in the kitchen than you do with your own family.
I really love being alive. I love my family and my work. I love the opportunity I have to do things. That's what happiness is.
The true poet for me is a priest. As soon as he dons the cassock, he must leave his family.
The only people that you really have, that I learned, are your family, because they love you no matter what.
When I do get the chance I just love to hang around at home with friends and family.
Women are, in my view, natural peacemakers. As givers and nurturers of life, through their focus on human relationships and their engagement with the demanding work of raising children and protecting family life, they develop a deep sense of empathy that cuts through to underlying human realities.
A family on the throne is an interesting idea. It brings down the pride of sovereignty to the level of petty life.
Protecting the institution of marriage safeguards, I believe, the American family.
I know I'm talented, but I wasn't put here to sing. I was put here to be a wife and a mom and look after my family. I love what I do, but it's not where it begins and ends.
The steady expansion of welfare programs can be taken as a measure of the steady disintegration of the Negro family structure over the past generation in the United States.
I came from a poor family, so working and going to school at the same time was natural. It taught me multi-tasking, although we didn't call it that back then. I learned I could never be idle, I need to be doing many things at once.
Every adolescent has that dream every century has that dream every revolutionary has that dream, to destroy the family.
The greenest home is the one you don't build. If you really want to save the Earth, move in with another family and share a house that's already built. Better yet, live in the forest and eat whatever the squirrels don't want.
I'm a teenager, but I'm independent - I have my own apartment, I have my own life. And I think I have learned more than any of those teenagers have in school. I learned to be responsible, leaving my family and coming here alone.
It's hard enough to work and raise a family when your kids are all healthy and relatively normal, but when you add on some kind of disability or disease, it can just be such a burden.
When you look at Prince Charles, don't you think that someone in the Royal family knew someone in the Royal family?
The follow your dreams thing is really important because so many people are railroaded into taking other paths by their family, their friends, people who should be supportive going, 'What are you talking about?' Even just seemingly regular career paths, but if it's not what people expect for you they kind of react funny.
When you live on the road, going home is a place to escape and just be with your family to unwind.
I am just happy to be part of the Nike family.
I don't see how the party that says it's the party of the family is going to adopt an immigration policy which destroys families that have been here a quarter century.
Going home and spending time with your family and your real friends keeps you grounded.
A family's photograph album is generally about the extended family and, often, is all that remains of it.
I had to learn my faith and look after my family, and I had to make priorities. But now I've done it all and there's a little space for me to fill in the universe of music again.
We must not allow the liberals to move us away from the conservative values of the American past which sustain our present and shall secure our future. As for me and my family, we will serve God, we will serve this constitutional republic, we will serve America.
And so I look at it as a relationship that I have with him that I want to give him the honor and glory anytime I have the opportunity. And then right after I give him the honor and glory, I always try to give my teammates the honor and glory. And that's how it works because Christ comes first in my life, and then my family, and then my teammates.
Being a Barrymore didn't help me, other than giving me a great sense of pride and a strange spiritual sense that I felt OK about having the passion to act. It made sense because my whole family had done it and it helped rationalise it for me.
I grew up in a family that was multifaceted, sexually oriented, and pretty much open to everything. And because I was working, my friends were all adults. I had a tough time going to different schools because people knew me from films and I was the fat child who got beaten up every day.
I really have created a family. I work with the people I love, I travel with them, I make films with them, and I'm in an office with them. So in a weird way - I know I haven't birthed a child - I feel that I'm a part of creating a family. It's a tribe. I love that word.
When I did 'E.T.,' it sort of solidified the only family I know are these film crews. These gypsies. These filmmakers. That was the solidification and the clicking revelations of 'This is what I want to do with my life and this is where I'm going to survive.'
I want to make sure my family's straight.
If you have issues with family, friends, and people at work, try and solve these issues head on so you can move on and concentrate on having the life you want. Think about what you can do so that you are happy with yourself - for instance, eating right to feel great and energetic.
My family isn't really all that different from anyone else's. Well, maybe they're a bit more entertaining.
My other family is Fleetwood Mac. I don't need the money, but there's an emotional need for me to go on the road again. There's a love there we're a band of brothers.
Look, I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism.
As a child, the family that I had and the love I had from my two parents allowed me to go ahead and be more aggressive, to search and to take risks knowing that, if I failed, I could always come home to a family of love and support.
I have let my family down and I regret those transgressions with all of my heart.
I bought a lot of rubbish things that kids buy: skateboards and clothes and typical teenage stuff. And, as soon as I could, I wasted a lot of money on cars - BMW's mostly - for myself and my family.
It is awesome to feel you are carrying on the family name.
My inspiration was my mom. She's a great cook, and she still cooks, and we still banter back and forth about cooking. Growing up in a mostly Portuguese community, food was important and the family table was extremely important. At a very young age I understood that.
I feel akin to the Platypus. An orphan in a family. A swimmer, a recluse. Part bird, part fish, part lizard.
I think the American Dream says that anything can happen if you work hard enough at it and are persistent, and have some ability. The sky is the limit to what you can build, and what can happen to you and your family.
The lover of life makes the whole world into his family, just as the lover of the fair sex creates his from all the lovely women he has found, from those that could be found, and those who are impossible to find.
I am so excited to let fans in on how important my relationship with my family is to me. I hope to motivate mothers and daughters to build lifetimes of memories together and inspire kids around the world to live their dreams.
My family really does come first. It always did and always will.
Men have looked upon the desert as barren land, the free holding of whoever chose but in fact each hill and valley in it had a man who was its acknowledged owner and would quickly assert the right of his family or clan to it, against aggression.
It was the dumbest thing I had ever seen, but it's a family thing, and I guess it's clean.
Family and friends and faith are the most important things in your life and you should be building friendships.
You know sit with your arm around a little kid and read. It not only teaches them to read but it keeps the family strong.
I don't think a female running a house is a problem, a broken family. It's perceived as one because of the notion that a head is a man.
I like to be judged by my family and friends because they know me.
I come from a very non-accepting family, but I'm very accepting.
I grew up not really having anything, so the idea that I can take care of my family and my friends now is a really cool bonus.
When you live in an alcoholic family or an abusive family, you tiptoe, you don't want to step on any mines.
America's a family. We all yell at each other. It all works out.
The blues was like that problem child that you may have had in the family. You was a little bit ashamed to let anybody see him, but you loved him. You just didn't know how other people would take it.
I have a very good family. I'm very fortunate to have a very good family. I believe very strongly in the family. It's one of the things we have in our platform, is to talk about it.
It did remind me of something out of Greek mythology - the richest king who gets everything he wants, but ultimately his family has a curse on it from the Gods.
The fact that food plays such an important part in my films has everything to do with my family.
A lot of what I'm obsessed with is the relationship and the dynamics between people and the family, particularly brothers and their father.
But I also want to have a family with children one day, which is very important to me.
With a family of six, there is always something to make, create and do together.
Sure, climbing Mount Everest would be cool, but that's something I would now like to do as a family. Big experiences like that I don't want to have on my own anymore. I want to share them.
Family comes first. You're the only thing they have.
I'm not a kid. You don't get in this business for anonymity. It's not like I have posters of myself on the wall, but at the same time, I'm kind of ready for a little bit of it, but I worry for my little one, and my family - their privacy. That's what I'm more protective of.
My family, my parents are hippies.
I enjoy what I'm able to give my family.
My family's lineage is five generations of artists who never made it.
Personal sins should not require press releases and problems within a family shouldn't have to mean public confessions.
I have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves.
I hurt my wife, my kids, my mother, my wife's family, my friends, my foundation and kids all around the world who admired me.
My ultimate life dream project is my kids. My family.
I remember driving to North Carolina when I was a little girl in a snowstorm to get down to my mom's family in the Carolinas. There were chains on the car - it was the late sixties - and we were just singing in the car. Christmas carols.
The principal contributor to loneliness in this country is television. What happens is that the family 'gets together' alone.
I can't tell you how scary it can be walking onto a movie and suddenly joining this family, it's like going to somebody else's Christmas dinner, everyone knows everyone, and you're there and you're not quite sure what you're supposed to be doing.
No doubt, the White House thinks the American people know Obama's story. But since the Inauguration, we've seen only the president's present: his perfect family, his Ivy League elegance, his effortless mastery of complex issues. We never see him sweat. And we forget that he ever had to struggle.
One, if you attack my integrity, I will defend myself. If you attack my patriotism, I will defend myself. If you come after my family, I will counter-attack viciously, I will destroy you.
But if each man could have his own house, a large garden to cultivate and healthy surroundings - then, I thought, there will be for them a better opportunity of a happy family life.
A home is crucial, the foundation of a stable family.
I'm a strong person, I'm a strong family man, I'm a strong husband and a strong father.
My mom has made it possible for me to be who I am. Our family is everything. Her greatest skill was encouraging me to find my own person and own independence.
Acting is just a way of making a living, the family is life.
I'm from a lower middle class background all my family were immigrants.
In my particular instance, I came from a family that didn't have anything. Everything I earned in life I made. Myself. With songs that I wrote.
At a family's most difficult time, I want to make sure at a minimum that they have the very basic of comforts: the ability to grieve their loss privately and the knowledge that their country is grateful for their loved one's sacrifice and service.
If you want to see mankind fully, look at a family. Within the family minds become organically one, and for this reason the family is total poetry.
I had a really wonderful upbringing. We were a tight family. It was wonderful to grow up with so many siblings. We were all just a year or two apart, and we were always so supportive of each other. I learned everything from my older brother and sister and taught it to my younger sisters.
I need my family to remind me in a loving and nice way to lighten up.
I have to make it my job to be careful with my family.
My wife, my family, my friends - they've all taught me things about love and what that emotion really means. In a nutshell, loving someone is about giving, not receiving.
Santa Barbara is my hood. I mean, it's not much of a hood, but it is definitely like my hood. I claim Santa Barbara like I claim my family. I'm going to be married and buried there.
The family only represents one aspect, however important an aspect, of a human being's functions and activities. A life is beautiful and ideal or the reverse, only when we have taken into our consideration the social as well as the family relationship.
I come from a great family. I've seen family life and I know how wonderful, how nurturing, and how wonderful it can be.
We will invest in our people, quality education, job opportunity, family, neighborhood, and yes, a thing we call America.
Too often, older women are seen as victims, but I know lots of formidable women who have marvellous jobs as well as a full erotic life, and children and friends and family.
I love where I'm from. I don't live there because of the circumstances, but all my family is there. It's what's inside, it's not what's outside that determines the culture and the feeling.
Our notion of the perfect society embraces the family as its center and ornament, and this paradise is not secure until children appear to animate and complete the picture.
I play with my grandchildren. I tend to my garden, which I love. Of course, I love to read, and family is really what it's all about.
I draw from my family and my friends and I feel like that small-town person. The achievements, the materialistic possessions have really become to mean less. They mean nothing.
I am hoping that in this year of the family we will go into our families and reconcile differences.
I did come from a pretty independent-minded family.
I think my father would have liked to have been an artist, actually. But I think he didn't quite have perhaps the drive or, I don't know, I mean he had a family to bring up I suppose.
I hate the way they portray us in the media. If you see a black family it says they're looting, if you see a white family it says they're looking for food.
There are just so many stories that are buried on family trees.
I do not see my family life in any way, shape, or form as an opportunity for a photo.
My mother, at least twice, cancelled our family's subscription to the newspaper I was working on, because she was so mad about its treatment of my father.
As they say in Italy, Italians were eating with a knife and fork when the French were still eating each other. The Medici family had to bring their Tuscan cooks up there so they could make something edible.
Having family responsibilities and concerns just has to make you a more understanding person.
For the first time ever I was taking the family on the road. We stayed with my in-laws, which on life's list of experiences ranks right below sitting in a tub full of scissors.
There is an overwhelming amount of information available to us all on the web each day, not to mention what is shared with us by our family, friends, fans, and followers. This necessitates the need to filter through all that information and to decide for ourselves where to put our attention.
I love my friends and family, but I also love it when they can't find me and I can spend all day reading or walking all alone, in silence, eight thousand miles away from everyone. All alone and unreachable in a foreign country is one my most favorite possible things to be.
They say Yogi Berra is funny. Well, he has a lovely wife and family, a beautiful home, money in the bank, and he plays golf with millionaires. What's funny about that?
I'm thankful for all the things that this job has given me and my family. But probably the thing that I am most proud of throughout my career is that, not only myself, but my family and the people around me have just been regular people, which we are.
I do believe at the end of the night when you're with your family, the character gets hung up on the door like a coat, and is there to be taken on the next morning.
There's an honesty in our family - my kids and I are able to talk about things without me putting the fear of God into them.
Because of my own family's service (in the U.S. Army, Navy, and Massachusetts and New York National Guard), I am a strong supporter of the military and do believe that there are just wars.
Except for naval and air exercises, our military should be stationed on American soil, where service men and women can lead normal lives in close proximity to family and friends.
I want to do as little as possible when I finish playing ball - just spend a lot more time with my family.
I know it's a cliche, but the whole family is just whacked. I mean, we're all out of our minds. They're the funniest, most eccentric bizarre people I've ever met, my siblings.
Only solitary men know the full joys of frienship. Others have their family but to a solitary and an exile, his friends are everything.
Parenthood and family come first for me, and when I'm not working I'm cool with the Teletubbies.
Studies have shown that since women have had access to the pill and family planning measures, they have made huge gains in both wages and in careers that were dominated by men.
For families across the UK who are income-poor, but more than that, whose lives are blighted by worklessness, educational failure, family breakdown, problem debt and poor health, as well as other problems, giving them an extra pound - say through increased benefits - will not address the reason they find themselves in difficulty in the first place.
Mental illness is the last frontier. The gay thing is part of everyday life now on a show like 'Modern Family,' but mental illness is still full of stigma. Maybe it is time for that to change.
If anything interferes with my inner peace, I will walk away. Arguments with family members. All that stuff. None of it matters.
It is no longer an unwritten law of American capitalism that industry will attempt to maintain wages at a level that allows a single wage to support a family.
The family wage has been eroded by the same developments that have promoted consumerism as a way of life.
In a big family the first child is kind of like the first pancake. If it's not perfect, that's okay, there are a lot more coming along.
I'm worried about that man or woman sitting around - the coffee table tonight or in their kitchen talking about how are we going to get to work. How are we going to have the dignity to take care of our family.
I have been called a nun with a switchblade where my privacy is concerned. I think there's a point where one says, that's for family, that's for me.
My sense of the family history is somewhat sketchy, because my mother kept a great deal to herself.
Never refuse an assignment except when there is a conflict of interest, a potential of danger to you or your family, or you hold a strongly biased attitude about the subject under focus.
The last thing family and friends want is for you to spend money on them that you don't have or that you can't really spare.
I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business.
My friends ask me why I still live with my family, but I feel comfortable there. We've all been through so much together.
I know my family and I would always go up to the mountains just for fun. We always skied. Then, all of a sudden, my brother started snow boarding. Older brother thing, I had to do what he was doing. So I started snow boarding.
I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church.
My father was the center of the family, and everyone tried to please him.
Thinking back to those earlier days, I felt I was weak when I wasn't making movies, and then when I was, I thought I was weak as a family member.
The first responsibility of the Muslim is as teacher. That is his job, to teach. His first school, his first classroom is within the household. His first student is himself. He masters himself and then he begins to convey the knowledge that he has acquired to the family. The people who are closest to him.
I come from a family of losers, and I've rejected my family as something I don't want to be like.
I have an obligation to try to live as long as I can for my family.
My goal is to get everybody in America to do their family tree.
If you share a common ancestor with somebody, you're related to them. It doesn't mean that you're going to invite them to the family reunion, but it means that you share DNA.
If you share a common ancestor with somebody, you're related to them. It doesn't mean that you're going to invite them to the family reunion, but it means that you share DNA. I think it's fascinating.
The bottom line is that Wanda Sykes has the longest continuously documented family tree of any African-American we have ever researched.
My family and our neighbors and friends thought of Africa and its Africans as extensions of the stereotyped characters that we saw in movies and on television in films such as 'Tarzan' and in programs such as 'Ramar of the Jungle' and 'Sheena, Queen of the Jungle.'
You can say I had a severe case of 'Roots' envy. I wanted to be like Alex Haley, and I wanted to be able to... do my family tree back to the slave ship and then reverse the Middle Passage, as I like to put it, and find the tribe or ethnic group that I was from in Africa.
So when you do your family tree and Margaret Cho does hers, and... Wanda Sykes and John Legend... we're adding to the database that scholars can then draw from to generalize about the complexity of the American experience. And that's the contribution that family trees make to broader scholarship.
It seems to me that unless you or someone very close to you has had a bad head injury, you really can't fathom it. You have no concept of what it is all about. It was so difficult for my whole family, not just me.
Seeing the family is a very important part of my weekend.
I come from an Italian family. One of the greatest and most profound expressions we would ever use in conversations or arguments was a slamming door. The slamming door was our punctuation mark.
You follow any family around, you're going to see elation, you're going to see disharmony.
The family teaches us about the importance of knowledge, education, hard work and effort. It teaches us about enjoying ourselves, having fun, keeping fit and healthy.
Only as far as a man is happily married to himself is he fit for married life and family life in general.
I have had lots of friends who've been affected by Aids and a very good friend of mine, Oscar Moore, died of Aids and I was with him in his last year quite a bit. And of course he was a man living in a very rich culture with a wealthy family who was able to afford health care.
I understand what it's like to come with your family, and to uproot yourself and come to another culture. You need a lot of support. People say, 'She's got her daughter she's got her husband.' Yeah, but she hasn't got anyone else.
The Rooneys are very classy. They're very deliberate with their decision-making. Once you're part of that family, Steeler nation, they treat you with respect. You don't have a lot of rambunctious players running around.
In every song I write, whether it's a love song or a political song or a song about family, the one thing that I find is feeling lost and trying to find your way.
I wanted the players to feel like they were part of a family, to be conscious of that controlled togetherness as they made that slow entrance onto the field. It had a great psychological effect on the opposing team, too. They'd never seen anything like it.
No one can find inner peace except by working, not in a self- centered way, but for the whole human family.
My grandfather's family used to own a pasta factory in Naples and they would go door-to-door selling their pasta. So his love of food came from his parents, which was then passed down to my mother and then again to me.
I work more now because at this time of my life I am not disturbed from my aim by outside pressures such as family, passionate relationships, dealing with 'who am I?' - those complications when one is searching for one's self.
I have yet to see a drama that puts forward women who are successful and have a family. Women are nearly always seen as victims.
Like all best families, we have our share of eccentricities, of impetuous and wayward youngsters and of family disagreements.
I'm often asked if I regret not going to Hollywood. I'm glad I didn't go, because if I had I wouldn't have my extended family, which is the fabric of my life. Only recently have I realised how special and unusual it is.
I have yet to see a drama that puts forward women who are successful and also have a family... they are nearly always seen as victims.
Music was your real passion, this thing you held dear even above family. It was this relationship that never betrayed you. Once it became your job - this thing that was highly visible, this thing that became about commerce - that's when you were holding onto music like it was a palm tree in a hurricane.
A ball player has to be kept hungry to become a big leaguer. That's why no boy from a rich family has ever made the big leagues.
For those who are able to work, work has to be seen as the best route out of poverty. For work is not just about more money - it is transformative. It's about taking responsibility for yourself and your family.
I'd like to have a family.
Whenever I have friends over, we end up eating and talking and losing track of time, and, once in a while, singing karaoke. It reminds me of the family meals we had in Russia, which always lasted a very long time. That's a tradition I miss.
My family and I built my whole career from scratch.
My family is awesome.
I support concrete and progressive immigration reform based on three primary criteria: family reunification, economic contributions, and humanitarian concerns.
I can't imagine dating a boy, meeting him only outside the home. What's a home and family for if it's not the center of one's life?
My wife, a schoolteacher, very disciplined. If you think I'm tough, trust me, and wait till you see when the children are on the naughty step. It's hilarious. So we decided that I'm going to work like a donkey and provide amazing support for the family.
My father, who died a few years ago, was a good, simple, very honest man. His faith and affection for his family was just unassailable, without question.
You go to a restaurant in the States and kids have these game boards at the table. You don't see that in Italy or Spain. It's not because they can't afford to buy them, it's because that's not what eating together as a family is about.
Stay out of the sun, because it is the worst thing in terms of aging. I'm very medical. I come from a medical family.
I don't hide my feelings, but when it comes to illness, I guess I don't panic. My father was the same way. I'm the provider for the family and the caretaker. If I panic, who is anybody going to run to?
If you don't have public hangings for bad culture in a company, if you don't take people out and let them say, they went home to spend more time with the family. It's crazy.
I am suspending my presidential campaign, because of the continued distractions, the continued hurt caused on me and my family, not because we are not fighters. Not because I'm not a fighter.
That's a central part of philosophy, of ethics. What do I owe to strangers? What do I owe to my family? What is it to live a good life? Those are questions which we face as individuals.
Catholic school graduates exhibit a wide variety of qualities that will not only help them in their careers but also in their family and community lives.
I grew up in a Navy family.
We were never a family that had a lot. We had enough, but not a lot.
Family life was wonderful. The streets were bleak. The playgrounds were bleak. But home was always warm. My mother and father had a great relationship. I always felt 'safe' there.
Fundamentalists are panicked by the apparent disintegration of the family, the disappearance of certainty and the decay of morality. Fear leads them to ask, if we cannot trust the Bible, what can we trust?
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights describes the family as the natural and fundamental unit of society. It follows that any choice and decision with regard to the size of the family must irrevocably rest with the family itself, and cannot be made by anyone else.
There's something about being with a group of people who become like family that must be needed in society.
In Turkey, you're not allowed to be left alone in the hospital. The nurse teaches the family how to do things, and somebody is always there with the patient.
Young actors often don't think of the consequences of doing nudity or sex scenes. They want the role so badly that they agree to be exploited, and then end up embarrassing family, friends, and even strangers.
I just want to be healthy and stay alive and keep my family going and everything and keep my friends going and try to do something so that this world will be peaceful. That is the most ambitious and the most difficult thing, but I'm there trying to do it.
You don't have to give birth to someone to have a family.
I grew up in a family where the women were just nuts. They didn't stand around in cardigans making polite conversation while they chopped tomatoes.
I am very lucky, I have a very tight group of friends and a very supportive family, and to this date no-one has ever sold a story on me.
I'm lucky to have family around me. Otherwise, I'll be taking the risk of falling in love with myself.
I want to apologize to all of the people I have let down because of my behavior which has reflected badly on my family, friends, co-workers, business associates and others.
Women know what men have long forgotten. The ultimate economic and spiritual unit of any civilization is still the family.
The Bible is the great family chronicle of the Jews.
Even if you plan a marriage and a family, you are never quite prepared for the reality versus how you imagined it. In a lot of ways it's better, and in a lot of ways it's worse. That's life, right?
But when you lose a family member or something tragic happens, that stays with you forever. You never get over it. Knowing that you have to deal with that for the rest of your life... Football is important, but not as important as you once thought it was.
Doing Saturday Night Live definitely affects my relationship with my girlfriend and with my family, because you feel so much pressure to do well that night. But I think everyone's grown to accept that and so they give me my space at the show.
We have a president who stole the presidency through family ties, arrogance and intimidation, employing Republican operatives to exercise the tactics of voter fraud by disenfranchising thousands of blacks, elderly Jews and other minorities.
Never write an advertisement which you wouldn't want your family to read. You wouldn't tell lies to your own wife. Don't tell them to mine.
Growing up, I was taught that a man has to defend his family. When the wolf is trying to get in, you gotta stand in the doorway.
What I got which was unusual, especially as a child actress, was parents who believed that Hollywood was not that important. They told us education, family, health, all come first and they meant it.
All my freakouts have been pretty private and directed at family pets and/or people I have been dating for too short a time to freak out at in that way.
I think the family movie is very important to everybody right now.
I'm getting older now, so I should think about a family, but certainly not tomorrow.
I'm less worried about accomplishment - as younger people always can't help but be - and more concerned with spending my time well, spending time with my family, and reading, learning things.
If you see a black family, it's looting, but if it's a white family they are looking for food.
My own mother always taught me that fairness was a family value - I think equal pay is about fairness for everyone.
I always tried to do things by example, even though I was not a very good mother regarding routines and family life.
Being rich is a good thing. Not just in the obvious sense of benefitting you and your family, but in the broader sense. Profits are not a zero sum game. The more you make, the more of a financial impact you can have.
People had this image of the Jacksons as the perfect American family and I destroyed that image. But what people have to understand is writing that book was very healing for me.
I married him because he told me it was the only way he could protect me. If we were just manager and client, my family could do whatever they wanted to get me back, but if I was his wife, they couldn't.
I can't say it's not painful being estranged from most of my family. I wish it could be otherwise.
Outside of being home with my family, I prefer a crowd.
I've never had a very closely connected family. My parents split up when I was young and I was living with my mom for a little while, then I was kind of just on my own really young. It wasn't some kind of global tragedy, it was just never really a very close-knit family. So there was support in the sense that they didn't stand in my way.
AP promoted me to the White House beat because I knew Clinton, his family, friends, and staff better than anybody in the national press corps. Those contacts helped me break a few stories and get my career in Washington jump-started.
We all wish we could be in more than one place at the same time. People with families feel guilty all the time-if we spend too much time with our family, we feel we're not working hard enough.
You know, every family and every business in California knows what it means to go through tough times.
I was one those kids who had books on them. Before weddings, Bar Mitzvahs, funerals and anything else where you're actually meant to not be reading, my family would frisk me and take the book away. If they didn't find it by this point in the procedure, I would be sitting over in that corner completely unnoticed just reading my book.
A growing awareness of the depth of popular attachment to the family has led some liberals to concede that family is not just a buzzword for reaction.
When you look at a family, if you have a family that never interacts with each other, never has strong conversation with each other, never has disagreements, nine times out of ten you have a very cold family and they're not going to be, at the end, they're not going to be close.
I don't have a saviour or a royal family.
Most Evangelicals claim to be politically non-partisan, and say they only identify with the Republican Party because the Republicans are committed to 'family values.'
I, for one, am quite willing to join the 'forgive, forget and move on' crowd, but it does make me wonder if Evangelicals are going to sound believable when they say that they tend to vote Republican because of their religious commitments to the family.
The traditional spokespersons for the Evangelicals, such as Chuck Colson and James Dobson, have become alarmed about this drift away from the 'Family Values' issues that they believe should be the overwhelming concerns of Evangelicals. They have expressed their displeasure in letters of protest circulated through the religious media.
I only tour in short bursts, I'm only ever away from my family and three daughters for a month or two.
Everybody sung in my family.
Well, I have a CBE and I accepted it with glee because it's not bestowed on you by the royal family, it's not bestowed on you by the government, you have to be nominated by the public.
I have often noticed that ancestors never boast of the descendants who boast of ancestors. I would rather start a family than finish one. Blood will tell, but often it tells too much.
They needed someone to write a script of The Great Gatsby very quickly for the movie they were making. I took this job so I'd be sure to have some dough to support my family.
I had a number of very strong personalities in my family. My father was a concert flutist, the solo flute for Toscanini.
For my own family, I would always choose the makeshift, surrogate family formed by various characters unrelated by blood.
I think that's become passe, but if you can surround yourself with a kind of monument to yourself and your family - a statement - and you can afford it, then that's a noble project.
I'm not ready to get married, but I have a pretty great family and I'd like that too, someday.
I have a great family by the way, but you need to find people who can pull something out from you that might be otherwise unseen.
It's not an accident that both my sister and I are writers. Our parents created an accidental Petri dish. My family has great storytellers, and I grew up in a very funny, conversational house and didn't have television. This small family farm was a bubble world that didn't have much to do with reality.
A family is very special. So when a family splits up, it's not good, it's never good.
It never occurred to me that I wouldn't go to college and have a career - as well as a family - of my own. Both my parents, but especially my mother, encouraged me and led me to believe that it was possible.
After all is said that can be said upon the liquor traffic, its influence is degrading upon the individual, the family, politics and business, and upon everything that you touch in this old world.
I grew up in a family of strong women and I owe any capacity I have to understand women to my mother and big sister. They taught me to respect women in a way where I've always felt a strong emotional connection to women, which has also helped me in the way I approach my work as an actor.
Life is not a matter of place, things or comfort rather, it concerns the basic human rights of family, country, justice and human dignity.
I don't think quantity time is as special as quality time with your family.
Interesting things come your way but as you get older, your lifestyle changes. I don't want to travel I don't want to be in a hotel room away from my family.
We all started snowboarding in the beginning as a family just to be closer together, go on trips. It was our soccer, but instead of Dad yelling at me from the sideline he is there riding with me and hitting the jumps even before I am hitting them.
In every age there has been a stream of popular opinion that has carried all before it, and given a family character, as it were, to the century.
My priorities are always going to be my husband and my family now. That's a huge, huge thing.
I think everybody has their own way of looking at their lives as some kind of pilgrimage. Some people will see their role as a pilgrim in terms of setting up a fine family, or establishing a business inheritance. Everyone's got their own definition.
Nobody in my family ever thought that I'd a be a model.
I miss my family, and I like being a tourist when I go back.
We need to recognise that what really matters isn't buying more and more consumer goods, but family, friends, and knowing that we are doing something worthwhile with our lives. Helping to reduce the appalling consequences of world poverty should be part of that reassessment.
There's no road map on how to raise a family: it's always an enormous negotiation.
If you wish to spare yourself and your venerable family, give heed to my advice with the ear of intelligence. If you do not, you will see what God has willed.
Individual responsibility, hard work, paying attention in school, faith, family all these things are important.
I think it's been a little difficult at times for the audience, because they've told me they see me as a family member. So to see your little sister sing about sex... I think they are pretty used to it now.
The secret is to make sure your family comes before anything else, because no matter what you do you've got to come home.
I want a baby and I want a family, for sure.
Syria should not belong to one family, to one coterie, or to one party. It belongs to all the people of Syria equally, in all their religious and ethnic diversity.
My family is my life, and I'll never lose that.
I guess now that I think back, I used to play priest and be a funny priest. I don't know, I grew up in such a Catholic family that I kind of liked to test the boundaries a little bit and I think I had fun watching my mom laugh.
In the family sandwich, the older people and the younger ones can recognize one another as the bread. Those in the middle are, for a time, the meat.
I've been screaming at the top of my lungs at my family, 'Work out! Work out! Old age is coming!'
I'm still very connected to my family, to the world I grew up in. I understand what it means to be afraid that you can't pay a doctor's bill. Or to have to make the choice between buying a band uniform for a seventh-grader and making the insurance payment on time. That will never leave me. It was how I lived until I was well into my adult years.
Like a lot of you, I grew up in a family on the ragged edges of the middle class. My daddy sold carpeting and ended up as a maintenance man. After he had a heart attack, my mom worked the phones at Sears so we could hang on to our house.
I do all of the grocery shopping in my little family. I buy cheese, of many different kinds, sliced packaged meats and poultry, bagels, immense quantities of eggs, pre-made fried chicken. Milk. Bacon. It is insane how much dairy, deli and bakery stuff I buy.
Personally, I think four is the perfect number of children for our particular family. Four is enough to create the frenzied cacophony that my husband and I find so joyful.
Liberals tend to put the onus of your success on society and conservatives on you and your family.
As a novelist, I mined my history, my family and my memory, but in a very specific way. Writing fiction, I never made use of experiences immediately as they happened. I needed to let things fester in my memory, mature and transmogrify into something meaningful.
Opponents of capital punishment argue that the state has no right to take a murderer's life. Apparently, one fact that abolitionists forget or overlook is that the state is acting not only on behalf of society, but also on behalf of the murdered person and the murdered person's family.
During the periods in my marriage when I chose to stay home with my kids rather than work as an attorney, it caused me no end of anxiety. Despite the fact that I knew I was contributing to our family by caring for our children, I still felt that my worth was less because I wasn't earning.
For all of higher civilization's recorded history, becoming a man was defined overwhelmingly as taking responsibility for a family.
Family farms and small businesses are the backbone of our communities.
My work's never been accepted by my family, but it's something I'll always carry on with.
I am a big fan of smelly cheeses but the rest of the family don't seem to be particularly keen on them.
I love being around my friends and my family and spending time with my husband. I like being normal and recharging my batteries, and I feel like I have the coolest job in the world where I get to get on stage and perform and get to do a lot of really amazing things.
When there is time to think about cricket, I think but when there is time to be with family, I try to do justice to that aspect of my life as well.
Many a man who pays rent all his life owns his own home and many a family has successfully saved for a home only to find itself at last with nothing but a house.
My wife is so analytical with raising kids, and I am not. My feeling is if they turn out good, then that means I was a good daddy and put a lot of effort into it. If they turn out bad, it means they took after her side of the family.
My father never talked about the sacrifices that the family made for me.
It's not common for a woman on television, especially if she's the mom of the family, to be funny. She's usually a straight man or foil.
It's long been accepted as fact that the availability of family planning services saves lives. Where women have access to these services, children and families are healthier, and society at large benefits.
I can't move back to England. My home is in France now. I'd love to but I can't. My family's all there now.
I always wanted my music to influence the life you were living emotionally - with your family, your lover, your wife, and, at a certain point, with your children.
Adoption has been a part of my life and a part of my family, so it was how I wanted to start. It felt natural and right to me.
I want my family to resemble the family I came from.
The town, the team, it's a family. That has helped. For some people who have had to deal with some of the problems I have had to deal with don't have football as an out.
We really were a very musical family. Father managed to buy us a small pump organ, and I just loved this instrument.
This character feels so much like my brother. He has two children. He has a wife. He works with me. He chooses to stay in New Hampshire because he wants his kids to grow up in the school they started with. He doesn't want them to lose friends. He is his family's hero.
The problem with me, as far as getting married and having a family, is that my comedy is so important to me. So I don't know if I'll ever be as good a dad as my dad.
Sometimes you can't prioritise family and you feel guilty.
I've always wanted to do a family movie.
I have other obligations now - the show, my family, my life... though I know that without my sobriety I wouldn't have any of those things.
When I was working, and when I was making substantial amounts of money, I always filed and paid my taxes. This only stopped, when it was necessary to withdraw from society, in order to guarantee the safety and well-being of myself and my family.
The pictures of my family were designed to be on a family wall, they were supposed to be together. It was supposed to copy my mother's wall in her house.
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family.
The monarchy is foremost a business, and it's important to them that the British public continue to finance the excessive luxurious lifestyles of the now quite enormous, wasteful and useless 'royal' family. I find it very sad.
I'm the git in the family.
A loving family provides the foundation children need to succeed, and strong families with a man and a woman - bonded together for life - always have been, and always will be, the key to such families.
People can undergo a sudden change of thinking and loyalties under threat of death or intense social pressure and isolation from friends and family.
I would look at a dog and when our eyes met, I realized that the dog and all creatures are my family. They're like you and me.
My family and friends treat me as they always have.
My health and my family are the core of my being.
Broken relationships are a source of heavy heartbreak that seem to affect every family.
I do come from a strong family.
Liberals subscribe to the new flexible, pluralistic definition of the family their defense of families carries no conviction.
Most women are pragmatists who have allowed extremists on the left and right to manipulate the family issue for their own purposes.
The last three decades have seen the collapse of the family wage system.
The left ask people to believe that there is no conflict between feminism and the family.
I'm not asking that people accept homosexuality. I'm not asking that they believe like I do that it's inborn. I'm not asking that. All I'm saying is don't let these children suffer without a family because of your bias.
The left sees nothing but bigotry and superstition in the popular defense of the family or in popular attitudes regarding abortion, crime, busing, and the school curriculum.
If you go from a structure where you have the support and that partner and that construction of a family and that's broken apart, I think that's probably a lot harder than always being a single mom and having the father being a support in another area.
When liberals finally grasped the strength of popular feeling about the family, they cried to appropriate the rhetoric and symbolism of family values for their own purposes.
How do you rebel in a family of rebels?
My dad's whole family is in Madras and I was born in America so we didn't have that big Indian community. I don't really have anything interesting to say about it. When I talk about it people are like, 'meh, let's talk about something else.'
I am like a kid. I tell my family and friends I'm like a kid.
You might think that after thousands of years of coming up too soon and getting frozen, the crocus family would have had a little sense knocked into it.
From very early on in my childhood - four, five years old - I felt alien to the human race. I felt very comfortable with thinking I was from another planet, because I felt disconnected - I was very tall and skinny, and I didn't look like anybody else, I didn't even look like any member of my family.
A rumor that followed me forever was that my family was in the mafia. For years I had to live with it. They'd call me the mafia princess, so I rolled with it for the rest of high school. People even joke about it today.
Instead of plotting the demise of the traditional family, as some politicians and religious leaders would have you believe, gay people mow their lawns and watch 'American Idol' and video their children's concerts and have the same hopes and dreams that their straight counterparts do.
My whole family is very sarcastic and constantly making jokes.
My encounters with racism are sort of second-hand situations where I might be standing around with a group of white friends and someone makes a comment that they wouldn't make at my family reunion.
Here's the thing: the unit of reverence in Europe is the family, which is why a child born today of unmarried parents in Sweden has a better chance of growing up in a house with both of his parents than a child born to a married couple in America. Here we revere the couple, there they revere the family.
Sometimes you struggle so hard to feed your family one way, you forget to feed them the other way, with spiritual nourishment. Everybody needs that.
Thank you to everyone that has made me the athlete I am! God, family and friends, my competitors and supporters! You have all had a hand!
In my family, in the days prior to television, we liked to while away the evenings by making ourselves miserable, solely based on our ability to speak the language viciously.
My idea of perfect happiness is a healthy family, peace between nations, and all the critics die.
One person may need (or want) more leisure, another more work one more adventure, another more security, and so on. It is this diversity that makes a country, indeed a state, a city, a church, or a family, healthy. 'One-size-fits-all,' and that size determined by the State has a name, and that name is 'slavery.'
Our family was too strange and weird for even Santa Claus to come visit... Santa, who was jolly - but, let's face it, he was also very judgmental.
The family is the school of duties - founded on love.
My family were from Jamaica.
I believe in God, family, truth between people, the power of love.
My family... always had the value of the family table and these cultural influences of growing up.
We'll be going to the fish market and a farmer's market this afternoon to get what we need to make and eat dinner as a family. I'm trying to expose my kids to going to a farmers market or the fish market and learning what that's all about.
When Nirvana became popular, you could very easily slip and get lost during that storm. I fortunately had really heavy anchors - old friends, family.
My mother was passionate. She was stubborn, the dominant one in the family. She dominated my father.
My mother was the first woman in the county in Indiana where we were born, in Jay County, to have a college degree. She was educated as a pianist and she wanted to concertize, but when the war came she was married, had a family, so she started teaching.
There is only one way to solve the alleged crisis of the erosion of 'family values.' And that is to get right down to the root cause of the problem.
My family, you know, are all still, you know, very close. We're all still very close. Mom and Daddy are still alive. So, what more can you ask for? Your kids are healthy.
My whole family's been in the business. My whole family is crazy.
My goals have changed throughout my life. At one time it was winning awards, selling out concert dates, selling more albums than anyone else. Now, my goals are to see my grandchildren grown, live a long and healthy life with my family and friends and travel the world.
If you want to look at the state of humans, you should look at the state of animals first. People are choosing whether or not they can feed an animal and their family. And every shelter coast-to-coast is stuffed.
Diabetes affects my family. One of my kids is affected by it.
I really appreciate family. I really can't imagine life without them!
At one point in my life, I was very involved with social causes. I'm still involved, but now I have a family and it's important to me.
I have one friend that I've had since I was born, and she's from Coatzacoalcos. She's not really impressed or interested in the actor's life. My family isn't really either.
From those to whom much is given, much is expected. I have been given much - the love of my family, the faith and trust of the people of New York, and the chance to lead this state. I am deeply sorry that I did not live up to what was expected of me.
I have acted in a way that violates my obligations to my family and violates my, or any, sense of right and wrong. I apologize first and most importantly to my family. I apologize to the public, whom I promised better.
Well, one of the most important things for Americans to be reminded of is that a lot of the exceptional nature of our country is founded in Judeo-Christian values that promotes individualism, personal responsibility, a strong work ethic, and a commitment to family, charity.
I'm an actor I'm not a politician. I always kick myself when I talk too much about family, or personal things.
Look, I've got incredible pride for my family. I've absolutely fallen into that cliche of a dad who could just happily talk about my daughter endlessly.
There was a great complexity to my father. He was a devoted family man. But, in the same breath, he simply was not suited to an anchored life. He should have been somebody who had a backpack, an old map, a bit of change in his pocket and that was it - roaming the world.
I can make dressing - or stuffing. Y'all call it stuffing up here, we call it dressing down there. It's really good dressing. That family recipe was passed on, and I love to make that.
If you feel rooted in your home and family, if you're active in your community, there's nothing more empowering. The best way to make a difference in the world is to start by making a difference in your own life.
I text a lot people, because it's how I stay connected with all my family and friends when I'm on set and traveling.
My family belongs to a tennis club in Valencia, California, so I always go there. I play a lot of tennis with my dad and swim. And I like to go to the gym there.
Experience taught me that working families are often just one pay check away from economic disaster. And it showed me first-hand the importance of every family having access to good health care.
It's very hard to make arguments about the effects of cloning on family relations if family relations are in tatters.
My family is from the South, and I can remember all those ladies I grew up with, like my great-aunts, who had handkerchiefs. There's something sweet about them.
My kids are the future of the Mayweather family and of the Mayweather brand. I feel our family is stronger if we stay together.
I have a really, really, really normal family. And by normal I mean we're all nuts on some level. I think you've gotta be a little nuts to pursue any kind of creative job. I was also a really good kid. I know that sounds really dull, but I didn't rebel in the traditional sense.
Selfishness, narcissism, being uncomfortable in your own skin, not feeling connected to the world around you, feeling dislocated from family and youth, having a strange relationship with your childhood - all those things feel really true to me.
I have a family.
The kitchen really is the castle itself. This is where we spend our happiest moments and where we find the joy of being a family.
My humanitarian work evolved from being with my family. My mom, my dad, they really set a great example for giving back. My mom was a nurse, my dad was a school teacher. But my mom did a lot of things for geriatrics and elderly people. She would do home visits for free.
It sounds cliche, but success is your friends, your family, what you do, and if you're happy when you wake up.
I think the Hispanic community, the values that resonate in our community, are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family, patriotism.
I contribute my best in my sport and I also have a ton of respect for myself and my family.
One's nativity is not of his own choosing, but whatever it may be, it is entitled to respect and all nations have honorable place in the world's family.
Fame is a lot of pressure, especially when you're responsible for your entire family. Financially, emotionally - everything.
I was the first person to go to university from my family.
You should be able to afford health care for your family. You should be able to retire with dignity and respect. And you should be able to give your children the kind of education that allows them to dream even bigger, go even farther and accomplish even more than you could ever imagine.
People just don't laugh when their family is violated, and you don't shrug it off. You band together and you defend together. It's a funny, primitive instinct.
Family traditions counter alienation and confusion. They help us define who we are they provide something steady, reliable and safe in a confusing world.
When I was very little, we would get letters from China, in Chinese, and they' be censored. We were a very insular little family.
If you want to have a good life, you should focus on your family, on your business, on your dog, on your fun, and you'll have a good life.
I don't have anything against my mom, but my family has no emotional connection to each other.
I had no fun. My family was too serious.
Monarchists frequently declare that without the royal family, Britain would be 'nothing.' What a woeful lack of love for one's country such statements express.
It has to be real, and I think a lot of the problems we have as a society is because we don't acknowledge that family is important, and it has to be people who are present, you know, and mothers and fathers, both are not present enough with children.
It was a source of shame for my family that I was in rock and roll, which is so blue-collar. It just isn't done. And I felt it, too.
What unites Oklahomans today is what has always united us: Our unshakable faith. Our love of family and compassion for others. The unlimited promise of a hopeful future.
Playing guitar was one of my childhood hobbies, and I had played a little at school and at camp. My parents would drag me out to perform for my family, like all parents do, but it was a hobby - nothing more.
Of course I regret not having been able to spend time with my family.
For our immediate family and relatives, Canada was a land of opportunity.
One wants to be together with one's family. That's what families are about.
My family can always tell when I'm well into a novel because the meals get very crummy.
Classical and romantic: private language of a family quarrel, a dead dispute over the distribution of emphasis between man and nature.
A person needs at intervals to separate himself from family and companions and go to new places. He must go without his familiars in order to be open to influences, to change.
Some of the things you read you get an immediate reaction to so I've stopped reading things now. I do worry about my family though. Some people do try some nasty things to get at them and try and get a reaction from them.
Movies like that aren't about the visual effects and explosions. They're human stories about family, about life, about death.
If I were to retire, I would keep my family's interest in the company the same and say, Don't sell.
Anybody who is running a marathon or doing a walkathon, doing a fundraiser for their school, their company, by far it's guaranteed the easiest and most fun way to quickly set up a fundraising campaign and send it around to your friends and family.
Do not let your bachelor ways crystallize so that you can't soften them when you come to have a wife and a family of your own.
I have my family, my children - I have a lot of outside activities.
I have a lovely family who supports me and it's great.
I think, and I mean this sincerely, I was raised humbly. We were a lower middle income family and a household that was scrimping by at times. We were watching the dollar, stretching the dollar, and coupons. It was all those things.
The dream was not to put one black family in the White House, the dream was to make everything equal in everybody's house.
When I was a kid, I took 'The Brady Bunch' and 'The Partridge Family' very seriously. It was a world to me in the same way that the Greek myths would have been had I read them. You know, Marcia is Athena and Mr. Brady is Zeus.
I grew up in a dysfunctional family.
I'm a Republican. I don't want to go to heaven and have to face my family up there and tell them I voted for a Democrat.
But you know, we have a very normal family. We've had our ups and downs. You know, we've had our issues, but we've had great cause for celebration.
The clan is nothing more than a larger family, with its patriarchal chief as the natural head, and the union of several clans by intermarriage and voluntary connection constitutes the tribe.
The best thing I've done with my money is buy a house for my family. You wake up to a house you love and you feel like somebody.
Even though I have a nice house, nice family, the rest of my generation is still in South Central L.A. My cousins, my brothers, my sisters, they don't wanna move out. They don't want to and they don't have the means to sustain it. That's where my heart is and that's what I think about all the time.
South Central is just who I am. Even though I have a nice house, nice family, the rest of my generation is still in South Central L.A. My cousins, my brothers, my sisters, they don't wanna move out.
The warrior may fight for gold or for an immediate gain, or for something to take home for the winter to feed the family. The soldier is part of a more complex society. He's fighting for a group ethic of some sort.
My fam is just a regular family. But all of them have great senses of humor.
I remember saying goodbye to my father the night he left to join the Navy. He didn't have to. He was older than other servicemen and had a family to support but he wanted to be a part of the fight against fascism, not just make movies about it. I admired this about him.
My mom always said I was the peacemaker in the family. My older brother, Eric, was the leader, the creative one. I was just his puppet.
Finding that balance between work and family is the hardest thing I've ever done - by far.
When I heard the royal family wanted to have me perform in celebration of Prince William's marriage, I knew I had to give them a little something. 'Wet' is the perfect anthem for Prince William or any playa to get the club smokin'.
It was only for two years, and I jumped from family to family. It's very scary.
I had the good fortune of having a happy, closely knit family.
I wish I had an extra day with my mom sometimes. Or another hour in the day with my family, husband and children.
Nashville is one of the greatest places for the best songwriters in the world. It's been fantastic to live there and to raise our family there. It's a great town.
I used to be a classic workaholic, and after seeing how little work and career really mean when you reach the end of your life, I put a new emphasis on things I believe count more. These things include: family, friends, being part of a community, and appreciating the little joys of the average day.
I love Christmas. I really do love Christmas. I love being with my family and I love snow. I love the music and the lights and all of it.
On the one hand, the idea of marriage and the sort of traditional family life repulses me. But on the other hand, I long for it, you know what I mean? I'm constantly in conflict with things. And it is because of my past and my upbringing and the journey that I've been on.
I like being in kids' movies, and I like being in family movies.
I don't believe in being mean to anyone. I'm a really peaceful person. That's something I get from my family.
I'm not a royal family watcher.
When you have a family, or even when you're just seeing a girl, it's difficult to be skint.
A fellow oughtn't to let his family property go to pieces.
For me, family always comes first I would do anything to protect them.
My family went through divorces and remarriages and the later, blended home - and then watched that home explode, too.
There aren't a lot of ironclad rules of family life, but here's one: No matter how much your parents deny it - and here's betting they deny it a lot - they have a favorite child. And if you're a parent, so do you.
It's one of the worst-kept secrets of family life that all parents have a preferred son or daughter, and the rules for acknowledging it are the same everywhere: The favored kids recognize their status and keep quiet about it - the better to preserve the good thing they've got going and to keep their siblings off their back.
There's a sort of sibling moratorium when you're establishing yourself as an adult. So much of your energy has to be focused on other things like work and kids. But when people become more settled, siblings tend to regroup because now you're building a new extended family.
Humans have a fraught relationship with beasts. They are our companions and our chattel, our family members and our laborers, our household pets and our household pests. We love them and cage them, admire them and abuse them. And, of course, we cook and eat them.
A close family member once offered his opinion that I exhibit the phone manners of a goat, then promptly withdrew the charge - out of fairness to goats.
Coming home to my family afterward makes the work richer, easier and more fun.
Equal pay isn't just a women's issue when women get equal pay, their family incomes rise and the whole family benefits.
I grew up in a very old-fashioned Roman Catholic, Italian-Irish family in Philly.
My family has very strong women. My mother never laughed at my dream of Africa, even though everyone else did because we didn't have any money, because Africa was the 'dark continent', and because I was a girl.
When I look back over my life it's almost as if there was a plan laid out for me - from the little girl who was so passionate about animals who longed to go to Africa and whose family couldn't afford to put her through college. Everyone laughed at my dreams. I was supposed to be a secretary in Bournemouth.
You can be cool and at the same time respect your woman, who will hopefully become your wife, who will hopefully become the mother of your kids. America needs to get back to family values.
I'm very excited about my new agreement with the Heat. This contract allows me to address all of my family's long-term financial goals while allowing the Heat the ability to acquire those players that we need to win a championship.
For me, it's about the way I carry myself and the way I treat other people. My relationship and how I feel about God and what He does for me, is something deeply personal. It's where I came from, my family, I was brought up in a religious household and that's very important to me.
While I have felt lonely many times in my life, the oddest feeling of all was after my mother, Lucille, died. My father had already died, but I always had some attachment to our big family while she was alive. It seems strange to say now that I felt so lonely, yet I did.
I was always on the go, and thought I was too busy to develop something like this. I thought at the time that diabetes went along with bad habits, but I was the last one in my family to eat junk food.
In my family in particular, I think, there was a sense we have to work twice as hard.
I grew up in a Ukrainian Catholic-turned-Christian household, and that is my family's faith.
We are a very crafty family.
I come from a massive family, and the youngest is twentysomething years younger than I am, so I grew up with children.
I have a very strong family.
I just want to have a great relationship with my child and have a great family dynamic.
As a child, I had to get up early for school or work. I'd get ready by myself. I'd set my alarm to wake me up very early in the morning, and be off to work, the family driver driving me every morning. I did it alone, my parents never coming in to wake me up.
I need to work to support my family.
My dream, maybe because of my family, of course, was to be a painter. I chose in one moment the direction of textiles from textiles I went to fashion.
But for me, I thought you made a record, you got on a bus, went out and played your shows and made a lot of money. That was the way it was supposed to go down. But there's a lot more to it than that. There are a lot of early mornings, late nights, a lot of traveling, a lot of being away from home, being away from your family.
I am a universalist, passionately devoted to the cause of equality within the human family.
I love seeing my family.
You don't have a family doctor anymore like you did when you were a kid, who treated you throughout your life.
My father really was not the dominant person who raised the family, it was my mother who raised the family.
I love film. After a yummy meal for the whole family and some truly great friends, we often go out to see something beautiful and unique.
As children we recognized that we belonged to an unusual, even exceptional, family, but the effect was different on each of us.
The American people know what's necessary to get this economy moving again. It's fiscal discipline in Washington, D.C. and across-the-board tax relief for working families, small businesses and family farms.
The Royal Family are not like you and me. They live in houses so big that you can walk round all day and never need to meet your spouse. The Queen and Prince Philip have never shared a bedroom in their lives. They don't even have breakfast together.
With the counseling of my family doctor, my mother ended up turning to Weight Watchers and their children's program. I went to weekly meetings, got counseling and would exercise with my peers who were my size. It was the first time I saw a proper children's portion size, and it wasn't two burgers, it was one.
To me, the kitchen is a place of adventure and entirely fun, not drudgery. I can't think of anything better to do with family and friends than to be together to create something.
I always loved family holidays, and I had this vision and dream as a little girl of having a big family of my own.
I think with motherhood and child-rearing in general, everyone's going to tell you how to do it and why. I've always said to other mothers and women when they've asked me, that you have to find your own way and find out what works for your family, at all costs.
Although my family - parents and sister - all work in the personnel management business, their real passion is performing, amateur operatic societies and so on.
Film is an illusion. Fame is ephemeral. Faith and family are what endure.
I think 'Tattoo''s a song that can go so many different ways. Some people think of it as a break-up song, but, for me, it's about somebody who comes into your life and really touches you - be they a friend, a family member or someone you're in a relationship with.
It's cool to have parents and family who will always tell me the truth no matter what. They'll tell me if I'm doing something stupid!
My family was all born in Sicily and I'm Italian-American. They're the real thing. They're authentic Italians, and honestly they're the most open-minded, nicest people in the world and nothing can really offend them. That's the way I think true Sicilians are.
I think when someone is injured in your family, you want to speak to the individual and you want to hear their voice and you want to make sure they are OK.
Growing up with my family gave me some of my best memories. I'd like to have a family of my own - slip away for a bit and do nothing but spend those early years with my children.
You have no idea how humiliating it was, as a boy, to suddenly have all your clothes, your toys, snatched by the bailiff. I mean we were a middle-class family, it's not as if it was happening up and down the street. It made me ashamed, I felt dirty.
I like playing music because it's a good living and I get satisfaction from it. But I can't feed my family with satisfaction.
Baseball life is a tough life on the family.
I work six months and get three or four with the family.
I work six months and get three or four with the family. I've stopped racing to get to the red light.
I'm very, very concerned about the Bush presidency. I'm worried about the kinds of cuts in domestic programs that mean something to a lot of people, including members of my family, who depend on certain things from the government.
I have a lot of responsibilities outside myself. I have a large family. I want to know I can always be helpful.
My family makes these vinegars - out of everything from grapes to peaches and cherries. We go through the whole process with the giant vat and drainer, label them, and give them as Christmas presents.
We don't have the luxury of time. We spend more because of how we live, but it's important to be with our family and friends.
I tend to show everything I do to my family, to check they won't be offended.
When I was growing up in Mississippi - it was good Southern food... but I also grew up with a Greek family when other kids were eating fried okra, we were eating steamed artichokes. So I think it played a big part in my healthy cooking.
I'm just a public-schoolboy. I've got a degree. I'm from a middle-class family in Devon. I've got no story.
In my family, we let our boys have a say in what veggie side they want for dinner that night. We list off a handful of options and get them excited about helping to plan the dinner menu. They're much more inclined to finish their plates when they've helped decide what goes on them.
To me, money is the ability to create lifelong experiences for my family and myself, to educate my children and a way to give back to humanity.
I've always been part of comedy. One of the things about our family was that if we were reasonably funny with each other, particularly my two brothers and myself, when my father was upset with something you'd want to make sure in some way you made him laugh. Because when he didn't laugh, you were in trouble!
My family brought me up to be very respectful of people.
When I'm home, the heart and soul of our family is in the kitchen. Growing up, my parents both worked, so dinnertime was for family - the TV was off. I think it's important to grab that time and really make it special, even after a tough day.
My parents did a great job raising me and my two sisters. We all graduated from high school and we all graduated from college. So, to be a good representative of my family is probably my greatest accomplishment thus far.
I would like a food/lifestyle show. We're not sure what that is yet. I want to be able to share what I do and how I raise my family. I feel like I have a story to tell. I enjoy talking and listening, sharing ideas and sharing advice.
And whereas women had to fight to find their way into the workforce, men are now fighting to reclaim their place in the family structure.
I've always known I wanted a family.
But I am Armenian and I understand what it is to lose a country and lose a family and have massacres and genocides and everything against my people.
More than any other setting - more than battlefields or boardrooms or a spaceship headed for intergalactic travel - I'll put my money on the family to provide an endless source of comedy, tragedy and intrigue.
The importance of human life should be universally respected - and that refers to children before they are born and after. All children have the right to be brought up in a loving two-parent family where the notion of divorce is not even possible.
While Free Choice Vouchers didn't fulfill my vision of a health care system in which every American would be empowered to hire and fire their insurance company, they were a foothold for choice and competition and a safety valve for Americans whose employers are already forcing them to bear more and more of their family's health insurance costs.
I have no use for people who throw their weight around as celebrities, or for those who fawn over you just because you are famous.
What a heavy burden is a name that has become too famous.
We all want to be famous people, and the moment we want to be something we are no longer free.
Famous, adj.: Conspicuously miserable.
Martyrdom is the only way a man can become famous without ability.
Andy Warhol made fame more famous.
I just want to make music, I don't want people to talk about me. All I've ever wanted to do was sing. I don't want to be a celebrity. I don't want to be in people's faces, you know, constantly on covers of magazine that I haven't even known I'm on.
It's really easy to avoid the tabloids. You just live your life and don't hang out with famous people who are in the tabloids. Don't do anything controversial and be a normal person. Have friends. And get a job and keep working.
I wanted to be successful, not famous.
I'm not comfortable being around too many people. I don't like being out in public too much. I don't like going to bars. I don't like doing celebrity stuff. So most of the characters I play are people who don't always feel comfortable beyond their small circle of friends.
How many famous and high-spirited heroes have lived a day too long?
I like being famous when it's convenient for me and completely anonymous when it's not.
I never wanted to be famous. I only wanted to be great.
For famous men have the whole earth as their memorial.
I know I'm not supposed to have any opinions about politics, because I'm famous.
I'd rather be able to face myself in the bathroom mirror than be rich and famous.
You're not famous until my mother has heard of you.
It isn't necessary to be rich and famous to be happy. It's only necessary to be rich.
There's no difference between fame and infamy now. There's a new school of professional famous people that don't do anything. They don't create anything.
Nothing in life prepares you to be famous.
I can do whatever I want - I'm rich, I'm famous, and I'm bigger than you.
It is a mark of many famous people that they cannot part with their brightest hour.
Tom Cruise, he's a lot more famous than me.
People hate me because I am a multifaceted, talented, wealthy, internationally famous genius.
I am beautiful, famous and gorgeous.
A famous person to themselves, they don't get up in the morning and think, I'm famous. I'm not famous to me. Famous is a perception.
The hardest thing about being famous is that people are always nice to you. You're in a conversation and everybody's agreeing with what you're saying - even if you say something totally crazy. You need people who can tell you what you don't want to hear.
For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world.
Fate is being kind to me. Fate doesn't want me to be too famous too young.
Being big and famous doesn't get you more freedom, it gets you less.
Celebrity distorts democracy by giving the rich, beautiful, and famous more authority than they deserve.
I wrote because I needed to and wanted to. It never occurred to me that I'd become famous.
Indeed, wretched the man whose fame makes his misfortunes famous.
I put my money in the bank: I have to think of life after modeling, when I'm not famous any more.
My story of success and failure is not just about music and being famous. It's about living and loving and trying to find purpose in this crazy world.
Celebrity gives us delusion of self importance.
I've worked with a lot of people who are more famous than myself who are terribly insecure.
But I know newspapers. They have the first amendment and they can tell any lie knowing it's a lie and they're protected if the person's famous or it's a company.
Celebrity, to me, is not a thing to seek.
The thing about being famous is, it's weird. The only people who get how weird it is are other famous people.
You don't have to have an attitude if you're famous.
I seek no longer to be a 'famous' person, and instead I wish to live a 'normal' life.
Public misbehavior by the famous is a powerful teaching tool.
When you become famous, being famous becomes your profession.
Acting is not about being famous, it's about exploring the human soul.
I want to be famous everywhere.
I really hate the duties of being a celebrity, like getting dressed up for the red carpet.
My favorite thing about being famous... it's not really as big of a deal as everybody says it is. Being on the road is tough, doing interviews, and all the stuff. It's still pretty tough.
I can't see any value in being a celebrity, famous for being famous.
The whole celebrity culture thing - I'm fascinated by, and repelled by, and yet I end up knowing about it.
When I'm living in the world of luxury and celebrity, which is where I found myself for a large part of my life, it's a walk-on part. Not a vital necessity, like it is for so many people. I enjoy it but I can see right through it!
I will either be famous or infamous.
Sometimes being famous gets in the way of doing what you want to do.
I think that when you are famous every weakness is exaggerated.
Before I was famous, when I was just working in Gilbert's Lodge, everything was moving in slow motion.
Martyrdom: The only way a man can become famous without ability.
To be famous, in fact, one has only to kill one's landlady.
Wood burns because it has the proper stuff in it and a man becomes famous because he has the proper stuff in him.
When I started out, I didn't have any desire to be an actress or to learn how to act. I just wanted to be famous.
Did you ever stop to think why cops are always famous for being dumb? Simple. Because they don't have to be anything else.
A very quiet and tasteful way to be famous is to have a famous relative. Then you can not only be nothing, you can do nothing too.
I don't like Los Angeles. The people are awful and terribly shallow, and everybody wants to be famous but nobody wants to play the game. I'm from New York. I will kill to get what I need.
The cool thing about being famous is traveling. I have always wanted to travel across seas, like to Canada and stuff.
My idea of a good picture is one that's in focus and of a famous person.
After a fellow gets famous it doesn't take long for someone to bob up that used to sit by him in school.
And to me, fame is not a positive thing. The idea of being famous is a lot better than the reality. It's fantastic when you go to premieres and people cheer you, but it's not real. And it's totally not my approach to get my name on a club door just because I can.
I served the famous professors and scholars, and eventually they learned that the Reverend Moon is superior to them. Even Nobel laureate academics who thought they were at the center of knowledge are as nothing in front of me.
A chair is a very difficult object. A skyscraper is almost easier. That is why Chippendale is famous.
If you want to be a rock star or just be famous, then run down the street naked, you'll make the news or something. But if you want music to be your livelihood, then play, play, play and play! And eventually you'll get to where you want to be.
When we were growing up our parents somehow made it clear that being famous was good. And I mistakenly thought that if I was famous then everyone would love me.
I was never very interested in boys - and there were plenty of them - vying with one another to see how many famous women they would get into the hay.
Some of the most famous books are the least worth reading. Their fame was due to their having done something that needed to be doing in their day. The work is done and the virtue of the book has expired.
There's more pressure to be famous for being yourself than if you're being a character.
Any idiot can get laid when they're famous. That's easy. It's getting laid when you're not famous that takes some talent.
The fame thing is interesting because I never wanted to be famous, and I never dreamt I would be famous.
I imagined being a famous writer would be like being like Jane Austen.
There is a misleading, unwritten rule that states if a quote giving advice comes from someone famous, very old, or Greek, then it must be good advice.
If you think Abraham Lincoln became famous for inventing the town car, it is time to spend a few hours on history.
Forget about being world famous, it's hard enough just getting the automatic doors at the supermarket to acknowledge our existence.
Yeah, I love being famous. It's almost like being white, y'know?
What I've learned is that you really don't need to be a celebrity or have money or have the paparazzi following you around to be famous.
I've never sat there and plotted out how I was going to become successful or famous.
I think the driving thing was curiosity about the universe. That fascinated me. I didn't think anything about being famous or anything like that, I was just interested in the concepts involved.
We are not interested in cloning the Michael Jordans and the Michael Jacksons of this world. The rich and the famous don't participate in this.
I have a profound empathy for people who are in the public eye, whether they manifest it themselves or whether it happened by accident - it doesn't matter to me. I think there's a great misunderstanding of what it is to be famous.
I thought the more famous I became, the more friendships I would have, but the opposite was true.
I'm more interested in being good than being famous.
Aristotle was famous for knowing everything. He taught that the brain exists merely to cool the blood and is not involved in the process of thinking. This is true only of certain persons.
I love being famous. It's almost like being white.
Dates with actors, finally, just seemed to me evenings of shop talk. I got sick of it after a hile. So the more famous I became, the more I narrowed down my choices.
Sometimes people offer you plays, they offer you parts, but they only offer it because I'm famous.
I became very famous, as a teenager, and my name and photo were splashed in all the media. They made me larger than life, so I wanted to live larger than life, and the only way to do that was to be intoxicated.
For me, growing up, the downside of it was that as a kid you don't want to stand out. You don't want to have a famous father let alone get a job because of your famous father, you know? But I'm a product of nepotism. That's how I got my foot in the door, through my dad.
Whenever you're the child of a famous person, you get judged in odd ways because of that.
The idea of being famous is a lot better than the reality.
I have been very happy, very rich, very beautiful, much adulated, very famous and very unhappy.
It's interesting because people assume that because I'm famous I know all famous people.
I'm doing a new musical on Broadway, which opens in October called 'The Boy from Oz,' where I play Peter Allen. For those of you who don't know, he became first famous in America for marrying Liza Minelli.
There were a few years there when I was just so enamored with the idea of living some sort of famous person's lifestyle that really isn't suited to me.
I think it's useful, as a famous person, to have as little separation between the perception of you and how you really are - because otherwise I'd be sitting here thinking I'm keeping secrets, and wondering when you're going to find out.
In the sixties, everyone you knew became famous. My flatmate was Terence Stamp. My barber was Vidal Sassoon. David Hockney did the menu in a restaurant I went to. I didn't know anyone unknown who didn't become famous.
When I was going for my graduate degree, I decided I was going to make a feature film as my thesis. That's what I was famous for-that I had my thesis film be a feature film, which was 'You're a Big Boy Now.'
Since I was seventeen I thought I might be a star. I'd think about all my heroes, Charlie Parker, Jimi Hendrix... I had a romantic feeling about how these people became famous.
Other famous men, those of much talk and few deeds, soon evaporate. Action is the dignity of greatness.
Lance Armstrong, the famous cyclist and more importantly, cancer survivor, has said 'if you ever get a second chance for something, you've got to go all the way.'
The strangest part about being famous is you don't get to give first impressions anymore. Everyone already has an impression of you before you meet them.
I have no interest in Shakespeare and all that British nonsense... I just wanted to get famous and all the rest is hogwash.
I certainly don't think you need to be famous to want to leave a legacy, but when you are famous, it's even more likely that your child will get the wrong perspective on your life if you die prematurely.
One thing about being famous is the people around you, you pay all their bills so they very rarely disagree with you because they want you to pick up the check.
People just assume that if you're famous, you're in Hollywood.
If you look closely, there is no book more visual than Three Trapped Tigers, in that it is filled with blank pages, dark pages, it has stars made of words, the famous magical cube made of numbers, and there is even a page which is a mirror.
Among famous traitors of history one might mention the weather.
Know the names of past and current artists who are most famous for playing their instruments.
I think there are a lot of people who really want to be famous, they really do. I don't. It sort of gets in the way of the everyday things that I do.
Comedy has to be done en clair. You can't blunt the edge of wit or the point of satire with obscurity. Try to imagine a famous witty saying that is not immediately clear.
Bruce Lee was very famous. I watched his movies and he is amazing. He is a martial arts master, his philosophy, his movement, both physically and mentally, were very strong.
You can get rich or famous by doing the same thing.
And I want to do it the right way, like everybody else, not just a famous figurehead that gets a job because he is a famous basketball player. I want to really learn the business.
There is no fulfillment in things whatsoever. And I think one of the reasons that depression reigns supreme amongst the rich and famous is some of them thought that maybe those things would bring them happiness. But what, in fact, does is having a cause, having a passion. And that's really what gives life's true meaning.
I don't mean being famous is a perk, because one knows that it's not necessarily a perk, but there are certain perks to being well-known and respected in one's field. Public perks. Like, I don't know, general friendliness and willingness to please, just to point out two.
The problem is, the more famous you get, the more people see you who didn't choose to.
Look at Jessica Simpson. She's famous for being dumb. I guess it started with Marylyn Monroe, and she actually wasn't that dumb, but that's how she was perceived - and that's what got popular.
Because you know when you first become famous, you start walking a little different because people are staring at you.
Exposure makes you famous, not just good work. Famous is being plastered everywhere.
I never pursued being 'famous.'
I could have been a dental hygienist with nothing bad ever appearing in print about me, but that's not how I've chosen to lead my life. I knew that you put yourself under a microscope the more famous you become.
I can't advise any of the young ones, because I don't know what their background was, but I would suggest that anyone who wants to be famous more than anything - there's a real problem.
I'm sick to death of famous people standing up and using their celebrity to promote a cause. If I see a particular need, I do try to help. But there's a lot that can be achieved by putting a check in the right place and shutting up about it.
Barack Obama is the most famous living person in the history of the world.
Famous people come up to me, but I don't know who they are because my sight is so bad. It's always at the pool of the Four Seasons in Beverly Hills when I don't have my lenses in and my glasses are in my room.
I was famous overnight. I went from nowhere to being really big.
The worst thing about being famous is the invasion of your privacy.
You know, I did not like being famous. It was a stressful and ugly time, and I'm glad it's over.
To enjoy being famous, you need to have a screw loose.
I'd probably be famous now if I wasn't such a good waitress.
The whole 'American Idol' way of looking at things is the antithesis of what I grew up with. There are a whole lot of kids wanting to be famous now, whereas if I'd even mentioned that word to one of my teachers, I would have got into a whole load of trouble.
I became famous, I think, really because of the interpretation of other people's songs, way back when, and that's what I enjoy the most. And I'm a lazy bugger.
There is this power that comes with being famous.
I would have been very happy just working from job to job, paying my rent one movie at a time. I never wanted to be this famous. I never imagined this life for myself.
I'm willing to make compromises based on someone I think is the one, but I think it's psychologically important to people when they're famous to be the only famous person they know.
I just like the company of beautiful women. I have a weakness in that department. And I suppose because I am fairly well off and a famous musician, I'm up for grabs. And that makes me an eligible bachelor in the press.
In the beginning, I loved being famous, but now I am tired of it and I would like to go back to my freedom.
There's a definite responsibility that comes with being famous. You shouldn't be able to just dress up and look pretty.
I have to say, you know, I've seen so many people go through the cycle and become famous and not famous anymore and, you know, want - have their priorities change and want different things.
I woke up one morning to find I was famous. I bought a white Rolls-Royce and drove down Sunset Boulevard, wearing dark specs and a white suit, waving like the Queen Mum.
My mom just didn't put a very high premium on me being like really famous or really wealthy or anything.
I'm not one of those famous people flying round the world emoting over every catastrophe. I'm too feeble.
The first time I went to Johnny Depp's house in LA is when I realized what I was getting myself into. I knew he was famous, but I didn't really know what that entailed.
Duke Ellington was famous for hs very original harmonic patterns.
Why am I so famous? What am I doing right? What are the others doing wrong?
Being famous is just like being in high school. But I'm not interested in being the cheerleader. I'm not interested in being Gwen Stefani. She's the cheerleader, and I'm out in the smoker shed.
The fire in the belly is essential, otherwise you become Michael Buble - famous and meaningless.
I kept saying that I'd never live in L.A., and I didn't think I would. But that's where the work is, and I ended up making a lot of friends there, and my old friends moved out to Los Angeles too. And also, I think when you're famous, its hard to live in a small town.
I lost some of my friends because I got so famous, people who just assumed that I would be different now. I felt like everyone hated me. That is the most unhappy time of my life.
Who elected Larry King America's grief counselor? We, the viewing public, did, by driving up his ratings whenever somebody famous passes.
I have a great job writing for 'The Office,' but, really, all television writers do is dream of one day writing movies. I'll put it this way: At the Oscars the most famous person in the room is, like, Angelina Jolie. At the Emmys the huge exciting celebrity is Bethenny Frankel. You get what I mean.
It took me fifteen years to discover I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
I know I'm not a self-indulgent idiot I also know I'm not the second coming of Deepak Chopra. If I had believed either of those, or both, as some people do when they get famous, that's when the mental illness arrives.
I know it's a cliche but I never wanted to be famous. I don't believe anybody wants to be famous.
A lot of people these days are not music lovers - they just want to be famous which is a very different thing to what I grew up believing in.
The love of the famous, like all strong passions, is quite abstract. Its intensity can be measured mathematically, and it is independent of persons.
I don't go to premieres. I don't go to parties. I don't covet the Oscar. I don't want any of that. I don't go out. I just have dinner at home every night with my kids. Being famous, that's a whole other career. And I haven't got any energy for it.
You aren't famous until my mother has heard of you.
My hair was famous before I was.
I'm English. Our dentistry is not world famous.
Just because you're not famous, doesn't mean you're not good.
I hear the way people talk about the children of famous people. They're not treated very well. The presumptions are usually quite awful. So I tried to establish myself with a couple of movies. After 'Juno' I thought: 'I think I've defined myself enough as my own director that I'd love to work with my father.'
I've been very, very lucky in my career, in my life - from day one. When aspiring directors say, 'What's your advice?' first I say, 'Be born the son of a famous director. It's invaluable.'
They saw me, those reckless seekers of beauty, and in a night I was famous.
Now, we believe that the majority of teachers in America know our system must be reformed, to put students first so that America can compete, that teachers don't teach to become rich or famous. They teach because they love children.
The stones themselves are thick with history, and those cats that dash through the alleyways must surely be the ghosts of the famous dead in feline disguise.
Well I would say that we're regular people first of all and we're normal and it's obvious by some of the things that have happened just because our name is famous we're not immune to tragedy.
A library, to modify the famous metaphor of Socrates, should be the delivery room for the birth of ideas - a place where history comes to life.
It's quite a famous story that takes place on Christmas Eve, and the Germans, French, and Scottish are trying to make peace one night and they bury their dead and they play football. I play a German opera singer, in German, which I never have so I am really excited about that.
I'm not a very good impersonator, my friends maybe, but not famous people.
It wasn't glamorous in my day. In the regions, reporters were seen as such low life that they didn't merit their name in the Radio Times. Now people are interested in being famous. I never gave it a thought.
I never dreamt of being a musician for my livelihood. I certainly never would have wanted to be in the business that I'm in, meaning the fame and the glory, the glitter, the rock star, the famous part.
I'm as famous as I want to be.
Computers are famous for being able to do complicated things starting from simple programs.
I wanted to be famous. I wanted people to talk about me.
I know I have this level of celebrity, of fame, international, national, whatever you want to call it, but it's a pretty surreal thing to think sometimes that you're in the middle of another famous person's life and you think to yourself, 'How the hell did I get famous? What is this some weird club that we're in?'
Fact is, famous people say fame stinks because they love it so - like a secret restaurant or holiday island they don't want the hoi polloi to get their grubby paws on.
Yeah, I like to be the maker of the art. And I like and want the money. But I don't really dig being famous.
I'm famous today. People like me today. Might not like me tomorrow. You can't count on it.
I'm glad that my parents missed one thing that was really unbelievable. They saw me hit this great success. It was a blast and we had a lot of laughs. And it was just an amazing time. They passed away. And then after I got, you know, famous, all these haters came out of nowhere.
As a famous person you think how you're gonna end it, get away and have a normal life.
If I wasn't even famous or had any success, I would still wake up and put tons of make-up on, and put on a cool outfit. That's always been who I've been my whole life, so that's never gonna change. I love fashion. I love getting dressed up. I love Halloween, too.
There is less pressure as a character actor. It generally means that you will be acting for all of your life, which is my intention. It is not my intention to just be a rich and famous person, that would be pretty boring.
I felt so painfully isolated that I vowed I would get revenge on the world by becoming a famous cartoonist.
I really don't know anything else because my brothers were famous when I was two years old. So I know nothing else, no other life.
If somebody for some reason, for music or for movie, becomes famous, it's because they have something, something special.
The press attack people to sell more papers without thinking, but when you get famous you have to put up with this kind of stuff.
I've only ever wanted to be a singer I never wanted to be famous.
Because I think in order to get famous you have to be known for something. Like 'You're the romantic comedy girl' or 'You're the Oscar-winning whatever girl.'
I never wanted to be a celebrity I never wanted to be famous. And in my daily life, I work really hard to not trade on it in any way.
I mean I was famous for nothing.
I didn't want kids to think that to be happy, they had to be famous or rich or live in the big city.
Becoming famous is a strange thing in your own right.
When you see a fantastic colour or cut in a magazine, perched up on some famous so-and-so's head, it's tempting to ask your stylist for the same, but do not be fooled. The hair in those fancy photos can be very high maintenance.
I don't feel famous and I didn't want my autobiography to be like a Paris Hilton story.
I always loved working as an actress, but I didn't understand why I couldn't just opt out of being famous. And then I realized you can, and I think I did. And eventually, I came to understand that you can do that and also keep working.
I would like to prove that on TV, everyday lives can be as compelling as the life-styles of the rich and famous. Especially lives that we catch at extraordinary moments.
I would be a huge hypocrite if I didn't tell you that at one time in my life I thought the way that you made music was you got on a major label and you got famous.
We need to teach our kids, because there is such a celebrity culture at the moment, that however rich you are, however famous you are, however glamorous you are, everyone has to live by the same rules.
I don't have many famous friends, really, except Simon Cowell.
Usually when I see someone famous, for some reason, I think I know them.
My goal was just to work regularly. I didn't ever expect to be rich or famous. I wanted to be a working character actor.
I got the famous Oprah hug!
I became famous so quickly and so young - it was daunting. I was immature and I used to say some really stupid things in interviews. I never smiled on stage so I looked really serious, but it was because I hated my teeth and was incredibly nervous.
There's the famous thing that the A&ampR man from the record company is supposed to do: He's supposed to come into the studio and listen to the songs you've been recording and then say, 'Guys, I don't hear any singles.' And then everybody falls into a terrible depression because you have to write one.
I think basically becoming famous has taken the place of going to Heaven in modern society, hasn't it? That's the place where your dreams will come true. It's an act of faith now they think that's going to sort things out.
As a shy kid growing up in Sheffield, I fantasized about how it would be great to be famous so I wouldn't actually have to talk to people and feel awkward. And of course, as we all know from fairy stories, when you achieve that ambition, you find out you don't want it.
I had no desire to be famous I just wanted to make the greatest music ever made. I didn't want anyone to know who I was.
I don't want to be famous. I want to be secure. I don't want the world. I just want a piece of it. I want people to remember Eric Davis.
When I was growing up, I thought I'd be a lot happier if I was famous and successful and if I had money.
I don't know if this is the kind of retrospective analysis that people are fond of applying to their work or actions, but it feels like I knew I was going to be famous and I knew that an element of that would be traumatic, so that if I could make myself something big and otherworldly, it would be a kind of defence.
Being a famous actress may give you a sense of being important, but believe me, it's just an illusion.
It's never been my purpose to become an American icon, or more famous or richer.
I didn't get hugely famous really quick. It was a slow, gradual process, so I was able to sort of grow into myself and figure out who I was and what I wanted without the glaring spotlight on me telling me who I was.
Major success feels a bit like a coronation. Like I'd become a king. I was one of the most famous people in the world, loved and hated in equal measure. I couldn't see anything bad with it. It made me a happy person.
I'm the man that made wrestling famous.
I've had to deal, a lot, with my own sense of intimidation at meeting famous people - especially actors, but really any famous people.
It is more interesting to be compared to someone famous, because it lets you gauge what perceptions people have about your appearance.
Nobody wants to end up super rich and famous - but divorced. I'm always clear on that and try to stay on the right side of the line.
When famous people come up to you it's a bit weird, but it's an honour, really, when they recognise you and want to chat to you for a bit.
I was very famous as a young man and I celebrated both the good and bad times with drinking.
But I didn't ask to have somebody nose around in my private life. I didn't even ask to be famous. All I asked was to be able to earn a living making people laugh.
You can become famous but you can't become unfamous. You can become infamous but not unfamous.
Being famous is great, it's not like bad or horrible or anything.
I love being famous - it's phenomenal.
Being famous is not something that would make me feel successful - unless one was striving for mediocrity.
There are a lot of good things about being famous but there are a few not so good things too.
I hope this doesn't sound pompous but I don't think of myself as famous, whatever fame I've got has come through what I've done and associations of things I've done.
You meet people in Hollywood that are famous, and you're not sure what they got famous for.
In a school where everyone is famous or rich or whatever, you have a culture, 'What does your dad do?' 'What does your mom do?'
I think in the end, when you're famous, people like to narrow you down to a few personality traits. I think I've just become this ambitious, say-whatever's-on-her-mind, intimidating person. And that's part of my personality, but it's certainly not anywhere near the whole thing.
A lot of times on tour it's about, 'OK, where am I today? Wow, I'm in Costa Rica. What is their famous dish?' And it's about trying the food, and really experiencing it.
I'm famous for splurging at fast-food places. I'm currently obsessed with Taco Bell's bean and cheese burritos with extra green sauce and extra cheese. Gluttony!
You can be famous for a lot of things. You can be a Nobel-prize winner. You can be the fattest guy in the world.
I know somebody from university who's called Phil Collins and I think there's something terribly unfortunate about sharing a name With somebody who either is famous or becomes famous.
I've noticed that once you leave London you do kind of become a bit more famous. People in London are a bit too cool for school. It's not so unusual to see someone from London in the street. But outside of London people are a bit more excited to see you and come out and support you.
I don't have famous neighbours and if I did, I'd avoid them. I don't live the jet-set.
People don't get through to the essence of you right away - it's always the famous 'girl' or the famous 'girlfriend'. I'd rather be known for myself.
What is a movie star? It is an illusion. It was everything I ever wanted to be, but it became a kind of shell, non? It was what made me famous and got me women. But it wasn't real.
You know, one of the biggest thrills I have is when famous people recognize me from Taxi.
Anytime you cast a movie and you need someone famous in the lead part, you're a prisoner of whoever happens to be famous in the six-month window in which you're trying to get a film financed.
When you're rich and famous you are the dominant force in a relationship, even if you try hard not to be. I've talked of sacrificing everything for Fleetwood Mac, but I realize now that it is simply the only thing I've ever wanted to do.
I just think Rosa Parks was overrated. Last time I checked, she got famous for breaking the law.
It wasn't being an alcoholic - it was going wild. It happened when I got famous. It was like having my teens in my early thirties: blotting out your life, not having to think about anything.
I remember Michael saying, 'Rich and famous? It's much better to be just rich'. I didn't quite get it to begin with. But he's right. You lose anonymity. I say to my family that you've no idea until you lose it how precious anonymity is.
I want to thank all the women who have worn my clothes, the famous and the unknown, who have been so faithful to me and given me so much joy.
It was deeply important for me to understand where Mandela came from. Because we know where he was going, and that's a famous story, but who was he? Where did he come from? What was his upbringing?
I had a sense of who I was before I got famous.
I really feel like it's a travesty to make a child famous. I really do.
Being famous hasn't changed my perception of myself - I've just grown up.
I have never wanted to be famous, as such - fame is a by-product.
Actually, bizarrely, in America, I get more appreciation from the odd, unusual stuff I've done, almost because I'm not, if you like, famous in America as I am in England.
You've got certain guys that just want to be famous and then you've got the real musicians that just love playing music.
Save your rejections so that later when you are famous you can show them to people and laugh.
HBO is really famous for hiring good people and staying out of their way until they ask for help, or need it. And that reputation is earned.
Ever since grammar school, I knew I wanted to be famous - I always wanted to be a singer.
Being famous is wicked. But it's better to be normal.
None of my characters are rich or famous, and the situations they find themselves in could happen to anyone.
You know, be an actor because you love to act. Don't be an actor because you think you're going to get famous, because that's luck.
I didn't know what to expect from a famous movie star maybe that he'd be sort of stuck-up, you know. But not Gary Cooper. He horsed around so much... that I had a hard time painting him.
I don't really consider myself to be famous.
I was obsessed with being rich and famous.
Luckily, I think, I never really wanted to be famous, I just wanted to make movies.
I remember, when I was an up-and-coming comic, how annoyed I would be when the famous guys would show up and just take everyone's spots.
Exploitation films were famous for taking an issue an exploiting it because they could move much faster than a studio could. If there was any hot topic, they would run out and make a quick movie and make a buck on it, by changing it around and using it, in some way, to give some relevance.
The people I want are very famous and very rich, and all I can offer them is a bit of exposure on TV and a bit of cash, so it's a miracle we get any guests at all. But we have been very lucky.
I think that as soon as you think of yourself as a famous person or anything like that, you're objectifying yourself in some weird way.
Some people want fame, popularity and huge sales. I've always hoped to have a really long career. So I've tried to make each of my creative decisions and business decisions to allow for longevity. As a side effect I got really famous and really big. I didn't realize the two could go together.
For now I'm just enjoying being a mom. I don't want to be more famous and more rich. I want to be a good mom.
No one can train you to be famous. How do you deal with the loss of anonymity, the loss of privacy? You have to be disciplined.
I never wanted to be the most famous, the most beautiful, the most extravagant.
It's always a little mind-boggling to realize that these famous actors know who I am.
I think that once you open the door and allow people in on a certain aspect, it's very hard to then control how far that ripple effect is. So I think that the person who is known or famous has the ability to decide what they do or don't want to share.
I definitely wanted to be an actor. I didn't want to be on TV, I didn't want to be famous, I didn't want to be anyone in particular I just wanted to do it. I see young people now who look at magazines, or American Idol and their goal is to have that lifestyle - to have good handbags, or go out with cute guys from shows, or whatever. But I definitely wanted to be an actor.
I'm not famous for my back story investigations I'm lucky that I work with good writers and it's usually in the script.
I know really, really famous people who are terrified every time they walk on to a stage.
Don't worry about writing a book or getting famous or making money. Just lead an interesting life.
I walk the streets, take the train, it's real simple. Some actors create their own mythology: 'Oh, I'm so famous I can't go places, because I created this mythology that I'm so famous I can't go places.'
My wife Elizabeth and I started The Really Terrible Orchestra for people like us who are pretty hopeless musicians who would like to play in an orchestra. It has been a great success. We give performances we've become the most famous bad orchestra in the world.
The records of adopted children are sealed in California. That seal is considered inviolable... The judge ruled that, because I was famous, he didn't have the same rights as other kids.
People are much more inclined to believe and say bad things about you if you're famous.
I never wanted to do biography just to tell the life of a famous man. I always wanted to use the life of a man to examine political power, because democracy shapes our lives.
I could have been more famous if I did all the glitzy things, but celebrity always seemed so unnecessary.
I'd love to live in Ireland but I'd like to live as me, not what someone thinks I am. People don't understand - I lived there before I was famous.
Being famous was extremely disappointing for me. When I became famous it was a complete drag and it is still a complete drag.
Our most famous writers are Faulkner and Eudora Welty and Flannery O'Connor. It would make sense that the poetry would reflect some of those same values, some of the same techniques.
Quite often I can be in a bookshop, standing beneath a great big picture of myself and paying for a book with a credit card clearly marked John Grisham, yet no one recognises me. I often say I'm a famous author in a country where no one reads.
The hardest thing about being famous is that people are always nice to you.
I literally was famous before I knew my own name.
My discrepancy with children in the industry is that they are made famous before they know who they are as human beings.
It's more important for me to feel content than to be famous.
I get very nervous around famous people and I get nervous around beautiful women.
I certainly don't want a child of mine to be famous, or anyone I was very close to who isn't yet... It's the worst thing to be trapped in your house not be able to leave.
Nobody makes bouillabaisse from scratch. It's all a bunch of malarkey. Even the restaurants buy a commercial-grade product. I had a very famous chef tell me that.
I feel very strong as an individual, but as a famous footballer I know I am prone to certain things. All the media have a continuous interest for me. It varies from once a year to every day interest.
When I was younger, I used to say, One day I'll be famous.
For me, getting comfortable with being famous was hard - that whole side of it, the loss of anonymity, the loss of privacy. Giving up that part of your life and not having control of it.
I married a pretty famous girl, and when we drive through town there's usually a car following us, when I walk out of my front door in Chelsea there's six guys waiting for me.
First of all, plain and simple, you have no real idea of what it means to be famous until you become famous. It's a double-edged sword. Obviously there are a lot of amazing things about fame, but there are also a lot of challenging things about it.
The only reason I became the singer in the band is because I sang the best. It wasn't out of some desire to be a star or be a famous singer. It's not like I love interviews.
Famous people feel that they must perpetually be on the crest of the wave, not realising that it is against all the rules of life. You can't be on top all the time, it isn't natural.
There has been a time on earth when poets had been young and dead and famous - and were men. But now the poet as the tragic child of grandeur and destiny had changed. The child of genius was a woman, now, and the man was gone.
I'd had people say, 'You'll enjoy being famous for a week, and you'll never enjoy it again'. But I don't think I had that week. I may have been working and missed that moment.
Sometimes I like to play the soundtracks to famous musicals so we can all sing along. South Pacific is one of my favorites. Our neighbors must hate us.
Famous pivot stories are often failures but you don't need to fail before you pivot. All a pivot is is a change is strategy without a change in vision. Whenever entrepreneurs see a new way to achieve their vision - a way to be more successful - they have to remain nimble enough to take it.
What makes the Stones' arrogance so divine is that we all believe that long ago and far away they weren't rich and famous but poor and struggling, just like us.
Some of the things I've seen a lot of my female-actress friends who are relatively famous receive - I've seen some hideous things. Like some really, really bad things... like, the FBI should be contacted immediately.
I'm not in the business of becoming famous. And that's the advice I give to younger aspiring actors. Work onstage and do the little roles. In the end it's not important to be seen. It's important to do. There's a lot of disappointment in this business, but my family keeps me grounded.
Face it, I didn't become famous until I took my clothes off.
You want a hero in the music world? James Brown. He brought a feeling to music without really using words. He's just famous for his sound.
Being in 'Us Weekly' does not make you famous.
It's funny - nowadays people that are famous get chased by paparazzi. They have this fame, but they don't have the money to hide from it.
I think being famous is more of a hindrance, a constraint, than just letting yourself be free.
A lot of stand-up comedy guys, when they get a little famous, just give up their stand-up career, and it cancels out the thing that set them apart.
I would love to do a biopic of a famous singer, like Diana Ross or Donna Summer, or an old jazz story that we haven't seen before. I would love to do that! I would love to play Diana Ross 'cause she's an icon. I'm salivating to do that.
I can't imagine wanting to be famous just for the sake of being famous. I think fame should come along with success, talent.
Quite frankly, I didn't become an actor to become a movie star. I have never dreamed about being the most famous person on the planet. I just want to do really good work.
That the work involved, the willingness to take chances, the commitment, the opportunity to get on stage and make people happy, was more important than becoming famous, or even what I was dancing.
I'm world famous, everywhere I go there are people who love me because of I've been able to bring them some joy from the movies I've made.
There are high spots in all of our lives and most of them have come about through encouragement from someone else. I don't care how great, how famous or successful a man or woman may be, each hungers for applause.
After 'Skins' I became mildly famous, which was a bit of a disaster.
I'm coming out with a wine... I'm actually a restaurateur. I have Famous Famiglia Pizzeria that has opened up in the Sacramento airport. I'm also working with my business partner on opening up the Linnethia Lounge.
Few would argue that Richard Dawkins is the world's most famous atheist, especially now that his friend and rival for the title, Christopher Hitchens, has now gone to meet his Maker.
I wanted to go hide. I wasn't looking to be more famous, I'm famous enough.
I also want to go to an Italian island and do cuisine properly with some famous Italian chef and, like, his mother.
I never wanted to be famous.
I get recognized, but I'm not really a famous famous.
Once you're famous you can't go back.
I wanted to be a political science professor and go to school in Boston. I never wanted to be a big, famous movie star and TV star. It kind of found me.
To be famous and broke is hard.
I've always had confidence. Before I was famous, that confidence got me into trouble. After I got famous, it just got me into more trouble.
I was always obsessed with being famous. I had Marilyn Monroe paper dolls as a child, and I was always obsessed with her. I've just been really driven in that direction, and none of my friends were. So, I don't know what put that bug in me at a young age.
You do now have one in three people, as shown by the famous Carlton Monarchy debate poll, saying they want to get rid of the Monarchy. That was unthinkable even three, four years ago.
Yeah, people following me down the street and at the airport and all that. I can't imagine what it must be like for people who are, you know, actually famous.
At first, I thoroughly enjoyed being famous.
I follow the most random people on Twitter. I follow famous people like Khloe Kardashian, who surprisingly makes really funny tweets all the time.
A lot of people are like, 'So you want to be famous.' And I'm like, 'No, I want to be good at my craft. I don't care about fame, I don't care if I even ever make it. As long as people know what I am as an actress in this business, I'm set for my career right now.'
I don't feel famous.
When I got into the music industry, I wasn't focused on being the most famous artist or even getting a major record deal. It was just to make music on my own terms or create my own image, do my own hair, do my own makeup.
The F-word is 'famous,' the C-word is 'celebrity' and S-word is 'star,' in my book. The other three words are fine - you can say those. But 'famous,' 'celebrity' and 'star,' I think, are misused.
I don't need to be wildly famous for my life to make sense.
Once you become famous, there is nothing left to become but infamous.
You don't become a chef to become famous.
Maya Angelou, the famous African American poet, historian, and civil rights activist who is hailed be many as one of the great voices of contemporary literature, believes a struggle only makes a person stronger.
I was a shy kid, but somehow I knew I would make it as a performer. I'd always be telling my mum that I was going to be a famous singer. In my school yearbooks I would write, 'Remember me when I'm famous.' I knew I had a gift.
And I want to be able to - you know, make Republicans and Democrats famous for keeping jobs in California.
It's very difficult today for girls to become supermodels. There is a lot more competition, a lot of countries in the East have opened up so there are many more models than there were in the Nineties. Now they have to compete with famous actresses but also with, say, reality stars to be on the magazine covers.
There's this common perception that having a famous last name is all you need. A surname may get you a meeting, but if there's no talent you won't get the part.
I don't want to be famous famous. I'm happy on the second tier, where I have autonomy on a professional level but I can still go out to the movies without being recognized.
The poster boy for our superabled future is Oscar Pistorius, an increasingly famous South African sprinter who happens to have had both of his legs amputated below the knee. Using upside down question mark-shaped carbon fiber sprinting prosthetics, called Cheetah blades, Mr. Pistorius can challenge the fastest sprinters in the world.
I would have changed my last name if being famous were my goal.
I studied Japanese language and culture in college and graduate school, and afterward went to work in Tokyo, where I met a young man whose father was a famous businessman and whose mother was a geisha.
I'd die if I was Madonna. I'd die. God, what a horrible way to live. And Michael Jackson! To be so famous and to feel so isolated. I feel so bad for them. I don't know how it feels, and I hope it never happens to me.
I studied Hitchcock a little bit at University and knew the famous story about the Birds - that he'd tortured Tippi for a day using real birds. I had no idea that it was a five-day onslaught and that it was the tip of an iceberg that carried on through to another film.
Sometimes you're famous before you're good.
You know, I'm a television personality. It's not like I'm a famous hooker or something!
I know there are people, if I go into a market or a city for the first time, there are people that are there that just want to see the famous person, or the guy from 'Dumb and Dumber' or whatever movie they liked. And that's fine, it gets them in the door, but then it's my job to give them something different.
I think that people who are famous tend to be underdeveloped in their humanity skills.
I keep saying I'm not at all famous in my own country, because people do not think I have done anything for India.
I'm a bit jealous. Until two days ago someone told me I am the most famous Korean in the world.
The first pork-barrel bill that crosses my desk, I'm going to veto it and make the authors of those pork-barrel items famous all over America.
My ultimate dream is to become a famous star because I love to sing.
I actually don't know anyone who wants to be famous for fame's sake, at least not anyone I respect. But you need to have a certain amount of power in order to be able to do what you want.
It was a mixed blessing to have famous parents. It was tough to go to auditions and be bad, since I couldn't be anonymous.
I felt no pressure that my grandfather was famous and my uncle was famous.
Uncle Brett had a definite vision that he was after, I don't think having a famous father affected him much.
For me, I never, never, from the moment I started acting, had a desire to be famous.
I know I had my equivalents in Adrian Lester and Lenny James when I was at drama school. I remember David Harewood doing 'Othello' at the National, and Adrian Lester having done Cheek by Jowl's famous 'As You Like It and Company' at the Donmar. Not necessarily performances I saw, but just the fact they happened was massively encouraging.
Famous crime stories almost always lead to the passing of new laws.
I never feel so utterly fraudulent as when I review a movie whose charms impress all in the world and I simply do not get it. The other variant is that I love something the world disdains. This has had severe career consequences: I am still famous - or notorious - in certain quarters where I am recalled as the man who liked 'Hudson Hawk.'
I don't ever want to be hugely famous because I had a little taste of it after 'East Is East' and 'Bend It.'
It's been real weird. It wasn't how I expected my life to turn out. Especially, mainly pertaining to the show. It never crossed my mind that one day I'm gonna be big and famous and have my own TV show, you know?
The Band was always famous for its retirements we'd go and play and get a little petty cash together, and then not see each other till it was time to fill our pockets up again.
My name's Jennifer Ellison and one day I'm going to be famous!
I'm not cut out to be a famous person I can't do my hair and makeup well enough.
There's always going to be that pressure when you're in front of the camera. When you're famous it's just an extreme version of reality and there's a pressure to look a certain way.
The same people who can deny others everything are famous for refusing themselves nothing.
In Los Angeles, as I gained and lost celebrity, then gained it again, I often found myself wondering why I, out of thousands like me, had become famous.
I may not be the most famous songwriter in the world, but you know a David Friedman song when you hear it. It took me a long time to appreciate that.
I don't really know a lot of famous people. I've met a lot of famous people. If I ran into Tom Hanks today, I would have to remind him who I was and he would then remember me. But he wouldn't come up to me and say, 'Hi Dave!'
It's not like I'm the most famous person in the world.
A lot of the greatest compositions were made famous by Sinatra.
In opera, as with any performing art, to be in great demand and to command high fees you must be good of course, but you must also be famous. The two are different things.
I'd definitely rather be rich than famous.
I had to do this very aggressive, big score in a very short time, and knowing that in the beginning, middle, and end would be this very, very famous theme, but I still had to weave a score around it and make it work as a score was really challenging.
These days, with 'American Idol' and all the other reality shows, young people become famous overnight, and that can be very difficult to handle, the way photographers follow you around and study your every move.
I don't do the whole, 'Put my name on it, make me famous' thing.
Although I get so much fan mail from Great Britain, tell me, am I more famous there than Michael Madsen?
I try to become more humble and more myself with every year. There was a while when I got famous where I was so confused and my head was spinning.
One of the pleasant duties of America's most famous announcers during the relatively short swing era of the big bands was to host late-night remotes from some of the most famous ballrooms throughout the country.
If I wanted to be famous, I could have been famous before.
We're teaching young girls that this is what they should be focusing on: rich and famous girls who are rich and famous for nothing.
The famous saying 'God is love', it is generally assumed, means that God is like our immediate emotional indulgence, not that the meaning of love ought to have something of the 'otherness' and terror of God.
But I don't feel the need to be famous.
I don't put weight on fame, and having people around me just because I am famous makes me feel really bad about myself.
Jason Lee is the most famous actor from Hawaii I can think of.
It's too late for me to get married before I'm famous. You never know people's intentions.
There were so much affairs of me created by the media... of course I was not always a true single. I had some relations, once also to a famous pop star.
You can be a famous poisoner or a successful poisoner, but not both, and the same seems to apply to Great Train Robbers.
Kids will keep it real. If I've ever had in my life a great anchor, it's them. They get in your head, 'don't get too famous.' If you think you're really famous and think you're really hip, go hang out with your kids for an afternoon. That's about as earthbound as it's going to get.
Being famous gets me good concert tickets, good tables in restaurants, good seats at sporting events and that's really about it.
To seduce a woman famous for strict morals, religious fervor and the happiness of her marriage: what could possibly be more prestigious?
Being famous before you've formed your personality, before you have that self-esteem, is dangerous.
Whenever I'm in theatre situations I will go out of my way not to talk about my father, but in the film world I can be really proud of my family and say, 'You know what: my dad's a really, really famous theatre director,' because nobody has any idea.
The advantage of taking pictures of the famous is that they get published.
I was famous from birth.
I am famous because I am an African American jazz artist.
I made a conscious decision back then that I would rather be the best actress who ever lived than the most famous one.
The real harm of term extension comes not from these famous works. The real harm is to the works that are not famous, not commercially exploited, and no longer available as a result.
But to this day I am convinced that the real reason we met was because Alexander is from Nebraska, and he was completely fascinated that I was about to go off and make a movie with Brando - perhaps the most famous Nebraskan of all.
I did my famous cabbage soup diet, so I was able to do it.
I do not like being famous. I like being normal.
I've always been more drawn to being normal than being famous.
I have actor friends, but they're not famous. I feel like if you're an actor or - famous, you have to overly prove that you're a normal, cool person.
It's not my goal to be a famous actor.
I think it's really important for celebrities to use their power of money and fame to get their voices out there. It's funny to me that we're expected to keep quiet just because of who we are. Why do I lose my right to speak my mind because I'm famous?
I don't like being famous - it is like a prison. And driving for Ferrari would make it far worse.
While we are being fascinated by the tales of famous serial killers and how they were brought to justice, the real serial killer goes about his business with hardly a thought to being caught.
It was pretty frightening because as we all know, when large, famous groups breakup, a lot of the members don't survive in solo careers.
I want to be in 'Glee,' but I'm told I'm not famous enough to be a cameo yet.
Being famous is having the power to really implement positive change in the world, and it gives you the power to do what you want. I'm really grateful for it because I can play music and people will listen.
Your face is your calling card, but you're not so famous that you can't go out.
Well, I knew I wanted to be an actor, and I didn't necessarily need or want to be famous or a celebrity actor.
It was never about winning medals or being famous.
I can never really enjoy being famous.
It's sour grapes, I admit, I want to be more famous so people are examining my work couplet by couplet, you know what I mean? That's the level where I want to go.
Decide very early on: do you want to be an actor or do you want to be famous? Because they're very different routes.
Similarly, another famous little quantum fluctuation that programs you is the exact configuration of your DNA.
I don't like being recognised, I have no interest in being famous at all, I just do what I do. If I could be like Captain Kirk and beam myself up and then beam myself down, I would!
He makes me laugh, Mick! He tended to turn up when we were having lunch and entertain us all. He bought an Enigma machine! I've never worked with a producer who was more famous than everyone put together.
I became famous almost before I had a craft.
I don't come from a famous family and don't have this detachment from everyday people and everyday life. I'm just doing my job and the attention that comes with it is part of the territory.
I am the most well-adjusted human being I know. I started out this investigation as a very happy man with a great career. I've got the life people dream about: I am rich, I am famous, I've got a fabulous marriage to an absolutely, spell-bindingly brilliant woman.
The whole business of getting famous was good fun, but it was a long time ago.
They gave it to us for about five bucks a week, and we just went there to live. Probably the first band that ever did that back then and it became the famous cottage.
I've never dreamed of being famous. The idea of it really scares me.
If you ever get rich and famous, by definition you are special. You have done something special, and therefore you start to behave special. Then if the floor drops out, and you become down and out, you have a really new perspective.
I had a flight trainer who is one of the biggest and most famous helicopter pilots the world.
I was never famous as a kid. That's the biggest difference between me and any other kid actor is that I wasn't famous as a kid.
I do not take any pleasure whatsoever in being a famous person.
I never wanted to be rich or successful or famous. I just wanted to be happy and have fun.
And I don't want to live anywhere where I am famous. It makes me very, very uncomfortable, because it conveys an advantage over people, and I don't like that.
It's horrible how money and fame can make you acceptable while, if you're not famous or rich, you're not acceptable.
I guess the nicest thing about being, I won't say famous but being popular is a more proper word for me to use would be that if you've got a recognizable name, a lot of times you can get people to do things for you ordinarily that you wouldn't get done.
Celebrities say they date other celebrities because they have the same job. But I think they just like dating famous people. Celebrities attract each other, like cattle.
Here's the funny thing about the response I've been aware of to my dating famous people: It's been very negative. I'm either not good-looking enough, not a good enough actor or not successful enough for these people.
Quentin is very organic there was no way that he was going to put someone else's hand in there and anyway, my hands are kind of famous. It seemed right.
I was getting a lot of editorial, as in lots of pages in 'Vogue,' but it's far more important to get your dresses on the back of a famous person. Charlotte Rampling in Bruce Oldfield. That sells.
But things move in circles: one minute it's the models who are famous, then it's the actresses, then it's the designers.
I had a very erratic career. I got very famous for a minute and then it just all went away, you know?
I don't like the idea of famous people.
Whereas you have someone like Houdini, who works really, really hard to get really, really famous, and then has actual intellectual ideas that he puts into the culture that stay there.
We played in Texas about a year ago, at Emo's, the famous country and western club in Austin. And I figured, well, if I'm finally gonna die onstage, that's where it's going to be!
Oh yeah, I was one of the first guys writing comic books, I wrote Captain America, with guys like Stan Lee, who became famous later on with Marvel Comics.
In its famous paradox, the equation of money and excrement, psychoanalysis becomes the first science to state what common sense and the poets have long known - that the essence of money is in its absolute worthlessness.
It's very hard to get rich and famous at a young age and handle it well.
We had such a wonderful set of circumstances in Wilmington. Yes, the four of us became famous literally overnight, but we were in a small town and we always knew when people were coming down. We always knew when to behave.
I get to meet fantastic people, and I get to go through so many emotions. For me, I have a craving for that. When I'm acting, I feel great. It's not to be famous.
I worked on scores. I went to the musical library in Berlin which is very famous. I discovered that we had scores of Beethoven, printed scores of Beethoven, that are full of mistakes. Not the wrong or false notes, but the wrong dynamic, understandable things.
You know, I think Jesus was famous and also in a lot of trouble because he always chose people over sort of established procedures.
Olympic Gold changed me and my life dramatically. I became a celebrity overnight and people see me as a famous skater, not a real person.
When I first became famous, I didn't know if I could go where I wanted to because I didn't know how people were going to act. Some folks would scream and holler, and I didn't know what to do with that.
In a lot of aspects it's cooler that we don't have a lot of really overly famous people in the band.
Look at Gleason in The Honeymooners. He was humorous but the way he lived wasn't really humorous. He was a bus driver. Who wants to be a bus driver? He didn't have any money and he was not famous. But despite that, the show is humorous.
No matter how famous and established they were or however blessed they were with great songs or long careers, if they lived alone, they lived alone. That's not the way I wanted to live prior to the tour or after.
I've never had a desire to be famous. Lots of actors are actually extremely shy. I have shy areas.
Its only when you are a great actor and are recognised for your good work that you become famous. Unless you are in the news for the wrong reasons!
I am super-proud to have a sort of famous character in my background that if you're a certain age, he was probably a part of your youth. I think that's pretty cool.
Many medal winners dream of competing in a sport other than the one they're famous for.
For somebody famous, it's weird anyway to meet someone, because they have a preconceived notion of who you are.
I didn't want to be famous. I just wanted to earn enough money to have a nice life and enjoy acting.
But just playing the partner of someone famous, I had a lot more freedom.
I'm terrified of being too famous. What I'm really afraid of is that the audiences will go into the theater and not be able to forget that it's me, that fame will stand in the way of my acting. I want to keep being able to change into different shapes and different personalities.
In fact, I'd just like to own something. Everyone thinks I'm glamorous, rich and famous but all I've got is some recording equipment and a battered old BMW.
You don't have to be rich and famous. You just have to be an ordinary person, doing extraordinary things. I'd like more people to know that it's there. Women's achievements still aren't recognised enough in many areas.
When I was a kid, the idea of why I wanted acting to be the thing I do for the rest of my life was different. It was, Oh yeah, I'll get girls and be famous.
I think anybody who's famous has to deal with their fame in their own way, and I dealt with it by making a film about a kid who's looking out into the world of celebrity obsession.
I've been around some very famous people, but no one has the effect Maradona has people tremble in his presence.
I just want to be rich and famous.
My philosophy was, if I just do good work, someone will like it enough to employ me. It never made me famous. And I'm way, way too old now, mate. That boat's sailed.
We were delighted to have Nigel as a producer. The only problem is that Nigel is so famous that he seems to dominate most interviews without being there.
George Harrison was also a pleasure to work with. He was one of the most famous people I've ever known, but in spite of that fame, he was such a nice and friendly guy.
I think I'll always be famous. I just hope I don't become infamous.
On the other hand, when I give it closer thought, I realize I'm not enough of a dictator to conduct an orchestra because it requires a pretty awful person. When you read these biographies of famous conductors, they are all awful people who fail in their private relationships.
There are a lot of famous comedians from Liverpool, then obviously the Beatles, and the football club. That's what people in Liverpool are passionate about.
I just don't feel much interested in the lifestyles of the rich and famous.
Of course there have been times I regretted being the kid in 'E.T.' My world went completely crazy. I was that stupid kind of famous, where you can't go anywhere.
Hollywood people want to build you up and make you famous only to knock you off you're the pedestal they built for you.
I was with a famous comedian when a young fan walked up and asked for an autograph. The comedian blew him off. I'll never forget the look on the young boy's face. He was devastated.
I really had little interest in becoming famous. When I write my book, it will be my guide to avoid becoming a rock star.
They used to but not any more. You kind of get used to it - you accept it is part of your job - if you're famous and you want this life, you have got to accept this part of it as well.
I love singing - singing is what I'm famous for doing. Now it's turned into things I am famous for doing - like having rows with my mum or about my boyfriend, so it does get irritating.
To put it simply - you know, a lot of people believe that the benefit of this job is fame and fortune. I believe that you pay for the fortune through the fame. I don't buy into the notion that being famous is somehow a good thing, or an exciting thing, or a wonderful thing.
I didn't get into skating to be famous.
It's not a sport you get famous at. If I wanted to be famous, I would have stuck with hockey.
When I started on MySpace, people wanted to support me, but once I rose to fame with the MTV show, they felt like I had abandoned them for some reason, that I was too famous to talk to them anymore.
Thus, after finishing high school, I started with high expectations and enthusiasm to study chemistry at the famous Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich.
All my life, it's been the same with men. Being a woman who is famous and adored by men is very hard for any boyfriend to handle. All my boyfriends end up insecure.
Well, yeah. At a certain point, you've got to be really honest with yourself. Like, 'Why am I doing this? What are my motivations?' Like, if you get into it because you want to be famous? Then you've got a long row to hoe. But if you really feel like it's a labour of love and it's something you're actually legitimately good at, then it's not that hard to keep plugging away.
Being rich and famous isn't all happiness and at times the pressures have got to me.
I've learned to stay away from publicity addicts, people who want to be famous for no reason.
I believe some people in this business suffer from fame because they behave in a famous fashion.
I think it's real easy to be famous these days it's not real easy to sustain success.
I'm learning as I go. I don't know everything. I never had anybody to look at, nobody ever taught me, and where I'm from I didn't have any famous role models.
I'm famous for being nicer to my fans than anyone on the face of the earth because I figure, a) They pay my salary, and b) It's probably like a big moment in your life to meet somebody so I would say, 'Just come on up.'
It struck me that working digitally with a small crew, I could lay out a general plan for Famous and hope for mistakes which would create something more than satire and something less than truthful reality.
The excitement for me lies not so much in interviewing the hard-to-get famous person, but the person whom you are about to discover. You know, like maybe the character actors who are just coming into their own and you're realizing how great they are.
The world's most famous and popular language is music.
One of the hardest things for me, now that I'm famous, is finding people who can read my stuff and give me an honest critique.
One thing I think celebrities shy away from is exposing the reality that we're all the same. Somebody's not more important because they have a Bentley or a big house or a famous boyfriend or plastic surgery - we're all the same.
There's such big pressure on people who are incredibly famous, on those who have people sitting outside their front door and taking photos every time they move.
I never set out to be rich and famous. I wanted to follow my own path.
In approaching our subject it will be best, without attempting to shorten the path by referring to famous theories of the drama, to start directly from the facts, and to collect from them gradually an idea of Shakespearean Tragedy.
In Germany I am not so famous.
Thank God I arrived the day before yesterday, the first of the month, at this port of San Diego, truly a fine one, and not without reason called famous.
I've wanted to perform my entire life. I found a paper I wrote in kindergarten class about what I wanted to be when I grew up - and I wrote 'a famous singer!'
I'm just not a private person. It's not like I do things because I want things to be public it's just that's my way of expressing myself, and I happen to be very famous.
My goal was not to be famous or rich but to be good at what I did. And that required going to New York and studying and working in the theater.
I used to think no one should go into show biz, but now I feel differently. I now feel like it's a great career. If you can do it and make money at it and still not be so famous that you can have a normal life - then I think it's a great career.
You're asking the wrong girl about fame. I'm hardly famous. I wouldn't want to trade places with anyone else.
Why does anybody want to be famous? You know what's important to me? Having lunch! Pasta! Seeing my friends! Is that so crazy?
I'm hardly famous. I wouldn't want to trade places with anyone else.
Sonny and another Hells Angel who was at the meeting thought they were beyond a little patch so they headed down to a local tattoo shop in Oakland and were the first to get the famous One Percent tattoos.
When someone becomes successful or rich and famous, people perceive that person as being different. But I'm the same guy I've always been.
I did grow up next door to Steve McQueen, who was a very famous movie star at the time, but as a kid it didn't impress me. We always had great fun with him. He would take us out on Sundays on his motorcycles, riding around in the desert he was like a second father.
It's hard to have a bad hair day when you're famous.
I'm not unknown, yet I'm not super famous where I can't go anywhere.
I like photographing the people I love, the people I admire, the famous, and especially the infamous. My last infamous subject was the extreme right wing French politician Jean-Marie Le Pen.
I don't have any expectations as an actor and being rich and famous is not my driving force.
The seven wise men of Greece, so famous for their wisdom all the world over, acquired all that fame, each of them, by a single sentence consisting of two or three words.
I totally related to Cole Porter's magnetic pull to any piano that was in the room, which he was famous for doing, as was Gershwin. You couldn't drag them away from a piano.
Celebrity culture, it's everywhere, isn't it? It's reality TV, Big Brother. I didn't become a footballer to be famous, I became a footballer to be successful. I didn't want to be famous. Now people want to be famous. Why? Why would you want people following you about all day?
Being famous as a writer is like being famous in a village. It's not really any very heady fame.
I don't want to be famous per se, but I want to write books for as long as I can. And I plan on writing a lot.
It's not that I don't want to become famous or that I'm obsessed by my work as an actress, but it's all about not limiting myself, such as putting myself in a little jail that I can escape from.
I heard so many stories from Gaomi's peasants that I had an irrepressible urge to write them down. Today, Gaomi's peasants know that they have become famous around the world through my writings, but I think they are a little puzzled by this.
I don't care how famous a guitarist is, he ain't learned everything. There's always somewhere to go, something to mash up, but he ain't found it yet. You never learn everything on that guitar neck.
Normally, I name my characters after famous comedians.
I don't want to be famous as a movie star and have the whole world love me, I want to be a creative actress.
I'm really not for famous people who design a line for a company, when you know it's not really them creating it but a team of designers, especially when there are so many talented people who've taken the time to go and study fashion.
Those who have known the famous are publicly debriefed of their memories, knowing as their own dusk falls that they will only be remembered for remembering someone else.
I always thought it was strange when these artists like Kurt Cobain or whoever would get really famous and say, 'I don't understand why this is happening to me.' There is a mathematical formula to why you got famous. It isn't some magical thing that just started happening.
I think actors are divided into two groups: one that wants to be an actor to become famous and rich, and the other that wants to be an actor because they have to be. I'm more in the second group.
I think there are a lot more writers who are actors than you know they just don't have roles on famous TV shows that you recognize.
These days there are a lot of people who just want to be famous. I think that comes from a naive place, because those people generally don't know what it's like.
I don't think I'll ever be comfortable with the idea of being famous.
Having bodyguards is just part of being famous, I think.
By virtue of some of the ways the game is played, in terms of message discipline, in terms of access for reporters, and especially in the way that sources and subjects, especially famous subjects, treat the media, almost by default there's more news that's falling into books.
I got out of autobiography because my story is, I was famous, it was hard for me, I got into therapy. I had trouble with food, I got a nutritionist. There's no story there.
I fear that, in the end, the famous debate among materialists, idealists, and dualists amounts to a merely verbal dispute that is more a matter for the linguist than for the speculative philosopher.
I don't feel I was ever a 'famous' child actor. I was just a working actor who happened to be a kid. I was never really in a hit show until I was a teenager with West Wing playing First Daughter Zoey Bartlet. In a way, that was my saving grace - not being a star on a hit show. It kept me working and kept me grounded.
When you become famous, you start getting invites to parties where there are famous athletes and famous rock stars, politicians, people who have tremendous power and affluence. It's not in my DNA, but certainly I have been exposed to it.
I wanted to be a rich, famous rock-and-roll star in that order.
It's not a matter of becoming a superstar. Fame and money aren't the purpose of all this. No actor's going to say, 'I don't want to be famous.' But the main purpose for doing what I'm doing is the passion in the work.
I think success right now is not about how famous you are or how much you're getting paid, but it's more about if you're steadily working and you're happy with what you're doing.
I grew up being the girl who would always tune in to watch famous people talk about their careers, how they handled scandals and mega fame. I'm trying to pick up tips.
We had an interesting thing at that first dinner. It was prior to the availability of several new hotels in Los Angeles, and we were more or less committed to the old Ambassador Hotel that has the famous Coconut Grove.
I had a very famous trainer tell me once, 'You can usually train a wild animal but never tame a wild animal, ever.' They are always going to be wild, no matter what anybody says.
I became an actor, and because I had success as an actor, I became famous. I was acting for quite a while before I got famous television made me famous. I guess that it's television that is responsible for everybody's desire to be famous.
I'm really in no danger of being perceived as a famous movie actor!
My goal and my career is definitely not to be famous. That's a really horrible goal, just to be famous for the sake of having fame.
I'm following my dreams and doing what I love as a designer. I did not want to be one of those kids with a famous last name that doesn't do anything. That is very unfulfilling to me and I'm very happy.
I actually don't feel famous.
Most of my life I have played a lot of famous people but most of them were dead so you have a poetic license.
I don't want to be more famous than what I have right now. At least in that sense where people come up to me in the grocery store.
I thought that somehow your life would be much different when you're famous... and it's not. You just buy more stuff.
I don't have the life of a famous person. But I do feel like I've been able to connect with a lot of people.
I don't know about this thing - being famous. I haven't figured it out yet. It still mystifies me.
Few if any teenagers can relate to getting up for school and finding famous comics like Pryor and Williams hanging out in your living room after a hard night of partying. But that's Hollywood.
If it's not some daring, dangerous affair, it's just not interesting, or so it seems. So, here you have two people - a famous American iconic couple - who actually like each other sexually, in marriage. Imagine.
My office walls are covered with autographs of famous writers - it's what my children call my 'dead author wall.' I have signatures from Mark Twain, Earnest Hemingway, Jack London, Harriett Beecher Stowe, Pearl Buck, Charles Dickens, Rudyard Kipling, Alfred, Lord Tennyson, to name a few.
King Crimson were the only really famous band I'd been in.
When you're famous, you don't get to meet people because they want you to like them when the present themselves to you, and you don't see the real people.
Of course, Hollywood is still making some excellent pictures which reflect the great artistry that made Hollywood famous throughout the world, but these films are exceptions, judging from box office returns and press reviews.
Well, I think a lot of people just want to be famous.
Popstars really draws you in. It's fascinating. It's interesting to watch people thrown together in that kind of a situation. Even if the egos weren't involved and they weren't trying to be world famous. It's the Real World, only better.
I want to be so famous that drag queens will dress like me in parades when I'm dead.
It's funny to be discovered by a lot of people who didn't know you before. People always used to say, 'Do you shop at Home Depot?' or 'Does your kid go to such and such school?' They want to know why they know me, even if they don't know my name. I don't think that's a bad thing, by the way I think it's nice to be kind of anonymously famous.
I was brought up with psychics and tarot cards. My mum was always told I was going to be in a boy band and be famous as a singer.
When you reach a certain status in Hollywood, you have to play a lot of games to stay in the limelight. It becomes more about being famous than being an actor.
I wasn't a kid who moved out from Iowa with aspirations of becoming a famous star - I was intrigued by the idea of filmmaking and by the idea of what it would be like to play a character in a movie.
I love meeting famous people. I'm even happy just looking at them.
It's every teenager's dream to be in a band, tour the world and be famous.
What Whitney Houston has accomplished will never be accomplished. She's the most famous person on the planet as far as vocaling and her songs. So I'm very happy that I can sit here and say I had a chance to know her. And I'm still dazed that she's gone. But she lives because her music is so powerful.
When I was in fourth grade... this wonderful teacher said you didn't have to write a book report, you could just talk about the book, you could do a drawing of the book, you could write a play inspired by the book, and that's what I did. I got to be so famous. I had to go around to every school and perform it. It was just so natural and fun.
Becoming famous and selling a lot of records doesn't change a thing.
I'm famous. That's my job.
Fame is something I think happens as a result of trying to do good work. If you're trying to be famous, your work usually suffers.
I haven't paid for anything since I became famous.
Once you start telling people you're famous, they believe you.
The one thing you've got to say about Columbia is that it has courses that are famous. It has alumni who come back and say it was the best thing they ever did.
They were all famous and fantastic fellows.
I love being famous. It validates that I have something to say.
I don't really see myself as famous.
When I wasn't famous, I had a lot of friends, almost all of them Italian. The racism only started when I started to play football.
It was I who made Fellini famous, not the other way around.
My buildings are more famous than me.
I mean he's a very famous director... they're not going to put their... and he's very tough, he doesn't like interference at all, so he kept them at bay.
It isn't false modesty when I say this, but although I am supposed to be a famous person it doesn't mean anything to me. I just sit at home and work.
Yankee Stadium, and the Yankees are so famous for Mickey Mantle, Joe DiMaggio, Lou Gehrig, all of those guys.
We were marching since we were babies and all we did was make Jane Fonda famous.
I'm in that comfortable niche where I'm not that famous and sometimes people do need to put a barrier between them and their followers. When you're real famous you need to do that but I'm not that famous so I don't need that kind of barrier.
Some very famous directors have started in the mail room, which is just getting inside the studio, getting to know people, getting to know the routine.
In New York, after that famous home run, they expected me to be up there every year. That homer raised me to a high level, with the top guys in the game.
You can get awful famous in this country in seven days.
When I was young, I did actually model and was much photographed by famous photographers. But I was always a bookworm.
Italian girls are famous for being snobby and expecting men to make the first move. In America, if I don't make eye contact, the guys won't come over and talk. American girls just go for it. You men are spoiled.
In France, we don't yet have the craft that American TV does or big studios like Paramount. It was so cool going through those famous gates when you have your own little pass and picture on it. Woo hoo, I'm going to work!
I guess some people want to be performers because they want to be famous.
People are famous for being famous and for nothing else. And good luck to them, because it lasts about a year and then they're nothing again.
You get to be famous or have some notoriety and there are so many people who want a piece of you.
Hold on to that. You have an autograph. I'm going to be famous some day.
They eat the dainty food of famous chefs with the same pleasure with which they devour gross peasant dishes, mostly composed of garlic and tomatoes, or fisherman's octopus and shrimps, fried in heavily scented olive oil on a little deserted beach.
Persons famous in the arts partake of the immortality of princes, and are upon a footing with them.
The big thing that everyone forgets, you're famous and on TV and everything, but I think there's something very rewarding to be able to write a song, record it, and have it turn out as you heard it in your head, or even better.
Slowly but surely, we are acquiring that famous culture of democracy, which is our objective.
Indy makes the race driver. You become famous when you come here.
Famous remarks are very seldom quoted correctly.
Everyone always asks me, 'Do you want to be famous... ' I never really thought about becoming famous. I just want to work, to be able to put out inspiring and good film and TV.
That save from Pele's header was the best I ever made. I didn't have any idea how famous it would become - to start with, I didn't even realise I'd made it at all.
I still forgive him, because by doing what he did, he made it famous.
I think the thing to remember, though, the next time you hear someone who is really certain that he is on the side of the angels, is that the idea of angels was created by human beings, who are famous for being frequently untrustworthy and occasional.
Practically everyone in Hollywood has a neighbor who's been famous, wants to be famous, is famous, has been married to someone famous, worked with someone famous, slept with someone famous, been blackmailed by someone famous.
People should recognize who you are and how you can act rather then how famous you are.
I don't see myself as famous at all so I'm continuing my life as normal.
They can gas me, but I am famous. I have achieved in one day what it took Robert Kennedy all his life to do.
At the time when this famous historical battle was fought in Kosovo, the people were looking at the stars, expecting aid from them. Now, six centuries later, they are looking at the stars again, waiting to conquer them.
A nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people.
Pick the day. Enjoy it - to the hilt. The day as it comes. People as they come... The past, I think, has helped me appreciate the present - and I don't want to spoil any of it by fretting about the future.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
We fear violence less than our own feelings. Personal, private, solitary pain is more terrifying than what anyone else can inflict.
What is needed, rather than running away or controlling or suppressing or any other resistance, is understanding fear that means, watch it, learn about it, come directly into contact with it. We are to learn about fear, not how to escape from it.
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear knowing what must be done does away with fear.
We should not fret for what is past, nor should we be anxious about the future men of discernment deal only with the present moment.
It is the strange fate of man, that even in the greatest of evils the fear of the worst continues to haunt him.
Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.
The first duty of man is to conquer fear he must get rid of it, he cannot act till then.
A person's fears are lighter when the danger is at hand.
Fear stifles our thinking and actions. It creates indecisiveness that results in stagnation. I have known talented people who procrastinate indefinitely rather than risk failure. Lost opportunities cause erosion of confidence, and the downward spiral begins.
I have never known any distress that an hour's reading did not relieve.
True nobility is exempt from fear.
Fear makes us feel our humanity.
There are many victories worse than a defeat.
Fear is static that prevents me from hearing myself.
One had to take some action against fear when once it laid hold of one.
Prosperity is not without many fears and distastes adversity not without many comforts and hopes.
There is no passion so contagious as that of fear.
He that hopes no good fears no ill.
That man is prudent who neither hopes nor fears anything from the uncertain events of the future.
To him who is in fear everything rustles.
There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them.
We often pretend to fear what we really despise, and more often despise what we really fear.
There are times when fear is good. It must keep its watchful place at the heart's controls.
We have perhaps a natural fear of ends. We would rather be always on the way than arrive. Given the means, we hang on to them and often forget the ends.
I fear the Greeks, even when they bring gifts.
The thinner the ice, the more anxious is everyone to see whether it will bear.
The fear of becoming a 'has-been' keeps some people from becoming anything.
Everyone wishes that the man whom he fears would perish.
Minds that are ill at ease are agitated by both hope and fear.
I'd rather give my life than be afraid to give it.
As a child, I was more afraid of tetanus shots than, for example, Dracula.
To pity distress is but human to relieve it is Godlike.
My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me.
We fear things in proportion to our ignorance of them.
Every man, through fear, mugs his aspirations a dozen times a day.
Some movie stars wear their sunglasses even in church. They're afraid God might recognize them and ask for autographs.
He whom many fear, has himself many to fear.
Fear has many eyes and can see things underground.
There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope.
There is nothing that fear and hope does not permit men to do.
You know, sometimes I feel well and vital in the world, and sometimes I just feel so distressed I want to pull my hair out by the roots.
I have a fear of being boring.
I'm not at the point where I'd feel safe in a house alone. I would be really scared. I'm the kind of person that when I get up to go use the bathroom I have this big long hallway, and I just know someone's going to jump out and get me.
This is all you have. This is not a dry run. This is your life. If you want to fritter it away with your fears, then you will fritter it away, but you won't get it back later.
Hate is the consequence of fear we fear something before we hate it a child who fears noises becomes a man who hates noise.
Do what you fear and fear disappears.
Slowness to change usually means fear of the new.
By adversity are wrought the greatest works of admiration, and all the fair examples of renown, out of distress and misery are grown.
Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear.
Great work is done by people who are not afraid to be great.
We fear the thing we want the most.
It is the perpetual dread of fear, the fear of fear, that shapes the face of a brave man.
An ugly sight, a man who is afraid.
Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is freedom.
Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.
Courage is never to let your actions be influenced by your fears.
We should not be afraid to go into a new era, to leave the old beyond.
Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great.
True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful.
One thing about being successful is that I stopped being afraid of dying. Once you're a star you're dead already. You're embalmed.
The mark of fear is not easily removed.
What we have most to fear is failure of the heart.
Fear tastes like a rusty knife and do not let her into your house.
Fear is excitement without breath.
And the things that we fear are a weapon to be held against us.
I hasten to laugh at everything, for fear of being obliged to weep.
A child understands fear, and the hurt and hate it brings.
To fight fear, act. To increase fear - wait, put off postpone.
Show me a guy who's afraid to look bad, and I'll show you a guy you can beat every time.
No good work is ever done while the heart is hot and anxious and fretted.
We consume our tomorrows fretting about our yesterdays.
I think what weakens people most is fear of wasting their strength.
If you let your fear of consequence prevent you from following your deepest instinct, your life will be safe, expedient and thin.
I am convinced that it is not the fear of death, of our lives ending that haunts our sleep so much as the fear... that as far as the world is concerned, we might as well never have lived.
When we are afraid we ought not to occupy ourselves with endeavoring to prove that there is no danger, but in strengthening ourselves to go on in spite of the danger.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face... we must do that which we think we cannot.
When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. When the government fears the people, there is liberty.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.'
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.
Expose yourself to your deepest fear after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you freed.
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed.
People fear death even more than pain. It's strange that they fear death. Life hurts a lot more than death. At the point of death, the pain is over. Yeah, I guess it is a friend.
We must build dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.
The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead.
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
It was the experience of mystery - even if mixed with fear - that engendered religion.
When one has the feeling of dislike for evil, when one feels tranquil, one finds pleasure in listening to good teachings when one has these feelings and appreciates them, one is free of fear.
Question with boldness even the existence of a God because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear.
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living. Out of our over-confidence, fear out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope. And out of hope, progress.
We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our Light, not our Darkness, that most frightens us.
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.
If fear is cultivated it will become stronger, if faith is cultivated it will achieve mastery.
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path.
Fix reason firmly in her seat, and call to her tribunal every fact, every opinion. Question with boldness even the existence of a God because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blindfolded fear.
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.
Action is a great restorer and builder of confidence. Inaction is not only the result, but the cause, of fear. Perhaps the action you take will be successful perhaps different action or adjustments will have to follow. But any action is better than no action at all.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear.
I have no fear that the result of our experiment will be that men may be trusted to govern themselves without a master.
I believe that anyone can conquer fear by doing the things he fears to do, provided he keeps doing them until he gets a record of successful experience behind him.
I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated.
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.
The reserve of modern assertions is sometimes pushed to extremes, in which the fear of being contradicted leads the writer to strip himself of almost all sense and meaning.
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood.
Advance, and never halt, for advancing is perfection. Advance and do not fear the thorns in the path, for they draw only corrupt blood.
There is not a truth existing which I fear... or would wish unknown to the whole world.
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
My only fear is that I may live too long. This would be a subject of dread to me.
In time we hate that which we often fear.
Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.
Things done well and with a care, exempt themselves from fear.
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dream.
Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence.
Fear has its use but cowardice has none.
Fear of death makes us devoid both of valour and religion. For want of valour is want of religious faith.
Only he can take great resolves who has indomitable faith in God and has fear of God.
He who is overly attached to his family members experiences fear and sorrow, for the root of all grief is attachment. Thus one should discard attachment to be happy.
He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life.
Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.
Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil.
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world.
When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.
When your time comes to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with fear of death, so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way. Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home.
I have gained this from philosophy: that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law.
Do the thing we fear, and death of fear is certain.
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
Fear is the mother of morality.
Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence.
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
Limits, like fear, is often an illusion.
The appeal of cinema lies in the fear of death.
The generality of men are naturally apt to be swayed by fear rather than reverence, and to refrain from evil rather because of the punishment that it brings than because of its own foulness.
Men are swayed more by fear than by reverence.
When even one American - who has done nothing wrong - is forced by fear to shut his mind and close his mouth - then all Americans are in peril.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline simulated fear postulates courage simulated weakness postulates strength.
Having a child, that's always been my biggest fear. I want a child and I fear a child.
Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
People living deeply have no fear of death.
So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. All other pacts of love or fear derive from it and are modeled upon it.
This world of ours... must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be, instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
I never dared to be radical when young for fear it would make me conservative when old.
The time to take counsel of your fears is before you make an important battle decision. That's the time to listen to every fear you can imagine! When you have collected all the facts and fears and made your decision, turn off all your fears and go ahead!
As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it.
The components of anxiety, stress, fear, and anger do not exist independently of you in the world. They simply do not exist in the physical world, even though we talk about them as if they do.
The world we see that seems so insane is the result of a belief system that is not working. To perceive the world differently, we must be willing to change our belief system, let the past slip away, expand our sense of now, and dissolve the fear in our minds.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
Where there is reverence there is fear, but there is not reverence everywhere that there is fear, because fear presumably has a wider extension than reverence.
You are going to let the fear of poverty govern you life and your reward will be that you will eat, but you will not live.
On every front there are clear answers out there that can make this country stronger, but we're going to break through the fear and the frustration people are feeling. Our job is to make sure that even as we make progress, that we are also giving people a sense of hope and vision for the future.
I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear.
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
It's the most unhappy people who most fear change.
The more you can increase fear of drugs and crime, welfare mothers, immigrants and aliens, the more you control all the people.
Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.
People always fear change. People feared electricity when it was invented, didn't they? People feared coal, they feared gas-powered engines... There will always be ignorance, and ignorance leads to fear. But with time, people will come to accept their silicon masters.
There is nothing I fear more than waking up without a program that will help me bring a little happiness to those with no resources, those who are poor, illiterate, and ridden with terminal disease.
Fear is the thought of admitted inferiority.
The thing we fear we bring to pass.
Fear clogs faith liberates.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
When the tyrant has disposed of foreign enemies by conquest or treaty, and there is nothing more to fear from them, then he is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader.
As we let our light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence actually liberates others.
We need to teach the next generation of children from day one that they are responsible for their lives. Mankind's greatest gift, also its greatest curse, is that we have free choice. We can make our choices built from love or from fear.
The world is full of a lot of fear and a lot of negativity, and a lot of judgment. I just think people need to start shifting into joy and happiness. As corny as it sounds, we need to make a shift.
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
Do the thing you fear to do and keep on doing it... that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
If we take the generally accepted definition of bravery as a quality which knows no fear, I have never seen a brave man. All men are frightened. The more intelligent they are, the more they are frightened.
A man who is not afraid is not aggressive, a man who has no sense of fear of any kind is really a free, a peaceful man.
What I needed most was to love and to be loved, eager to be caught. Happily I wrapped those painful bonds around me and sure enough, I would be lashed with the red-hot pokers or jealousy, by suspicions and fear, by burst of anger and quarrels.
Writing is a form of therapy sometimes I wonder how all those who do not write, compose or paint can manage to escape the madness, melancholia, the panic and fear which is inherent in a human situation.
The safest course is to do nothing against one's conscience. With this secret, we can enjoy life and have no fear from death.
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.
Our heavenly Father understands our disappointment, suffering, pain, fear, and doubt. He is always there to encourage our hearts and help us understand that He's sufficient for all of our needs. When I accepted this as an absolute truth in my life, I found that my worrying stopped.
The thing you fear most has no power. Your fear of it is what has the power. Facing the truth really will set you free.
Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth.
The people to fear are not those who disagree with you, but those who disagree with you and are too cowardly to let you know.
Injustice is censured because the censures are afraid of suffering, and not from any fear which they have of doing injustice.
Fear of something is at the root of hate for others, and hate within will eventually destroy the hater.
Know one knows whether death, which people fear to be the greatest evil, may not be the greatest good.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
The one permanent emotion of the inferior man is fear - fear of the unknown, the complex, the inexplicable. What he wants above everything else is safety.
The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls.
Men are moved by two levers only: fear and self interest.
The beauty, the poetry of the fear in their eyes. I didn't mind going to jail for, what, five, six hours? It was absolutely worth it.
You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
Fear not those who argue but those who dodge.
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.
God will never direct us to be prideful, arrogant and unforgiving, immoral or slothful or full of fear. We step into these things because we are insensitive to the leadership of the Holy Spirit within us.
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.
Fear is the foundation of most governments.
Fear follows crime and is its punishment.
Boredom is... a vital problem for the moralist, since half the sins of mankind are caused by the fear of it.
Americans are in a cycle of fear which leads to people not wanting to spend and not wanting to make investments, and that leads to more fear. We'll break out of it. It takes time.
I more fear what is within me than what comes from without.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
The strength and power of despotism consists wholly in the fear of resistance.
Fear is the passion of slaves.
It's an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. That's always been a tug of war for me.
Puritanism. The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
Whether you like it or not, you're forced to come to the realisation that death is out there. But I don't fear death, I'm a fatalist. I believe when it's your time, that's it. It's the hand you're dealt.
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.
Look not mournfully into the past, it comes not back again. Wisely improve the present, it is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future without fear and with a manly heart.
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
The Cuban people still live in constant fear of a brutal totalitarian regime that has demonstrated time and again its utter disregard for basic human dignity. The fight for a free Cuba has gone on for far too long.
I was set free because my greatest fear had been realized, and I still had a daughter who I adored, and I had an old typewriter and a big idea. And so rock bottom became a solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
I will show you fear in a handful of dust.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
It is almost universally felt that when we call a country democratic we are praising it consequently, the defenders of every kind of regime claim that it is a democracy, and fear that they might have to stop using the word if it were tied down to any one meaning.
It is part of the general pattern of misguided policy that our country is now geared to an arms economy which was bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and nurtured upon an incessant propaganda of fear.
There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear.
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
Men shrink less from offending one who inspires love than one who inspires fear.
Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd.
Where fear is, happiness is not.
I write for those women who do not speak, for those who do not have a voice because they were so terrified, because we are taught to respect fear more than ourselves. We've been taught that silence would save us, but it won't.
Poverty entails fear and stress and sometimes depression. It meets a thousand petty humiliations and hardships. Climbing out of poverty by your own efforts that is something on which to pride yourself but poverty itself is romanticized by fools.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
You must not fear death, my lads defy him, and you drive him into the enemy's ranks.
Neither a man nor a crowd nor a nation can be trusted to act humanely or to think sanely under the influence of a great fear.
Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has no place. Only strength respects strength.
Live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart.
None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear.
There are only two forces that unite men - fear and interest.
Those who own much have much to fear.
Religion. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable.
Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear - kept us in a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor - with the cry of grave national emergency.
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name.
Fear is not in the habit of speaking truth when perfect sincerity is expected, perfect freedom must be allowed nor has anyone who is apt to be angry when he hears the truth any cause to wonder that he does not hear it.
Why are we so full of restraint? Why do we not give in all directions? Is it fear of losing ourselves? Until we do lose ourselves there is no hope of finding ourselves.
There is none made so great, but he may both need the help and service, and stand in fear of the power and unkindness, even of the meanest of mortals.
Fear? If I have gained anything by damning myself, it is that I no longer have anything to fear.
I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free.
The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear.
You feel sometimes when you hear analysts and knowledgeable people talking about Iran that they fear so much about the survival of the regime, because deep down it's not a legitimate regime, it doesn't represent the will of the people, it's kind of morphed into kind of a military theocracy.
I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control.
It is better for you to be free of fear lying upon a pallet, than to have a golden couch and a rich table and be full of trouble.
Jealousy is the fear of comparison.
Our party must continue to strike fear in the heart of the white man, our real enemy!
We're taught to be ashamed of confusion, anger, fear and sadness, and to me they're of equal value to happiness, excitement and inspiration.
The heart never grows better by age I fear rather worse, always harder. A young liar will be an old one, and a young knave will only be a greater knave as he grows older.
It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded, but the fear of pain or death.
Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
Fear may come true that which one is afraid of.
The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah.
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
In itself, homosexuality is as limiting as heterosexuality: the ideal should be to be capable of loving a woman or a man either, a human being, without feeling fear, restraint, or obligation.
Our society must make it right and possible for old people not to fear the young or be deserted by them, for the test of a civilization is the way that it cares for its helpless members.
In a World where people are surrounded by darkness, ignorance and fear, it is a sign of hope to be celebrating Islam's message of peace and light, and the last great Messenger, born and chosen to deliver them to all mankind.
Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power.
Everywhere that freedom stirs, let tyrants fear.
It is an open question whether any behavior based on fear of eternal punishment can be regarded as ethical or should be regarded as merely cowardly.
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.
Repentance is not so much remorse for what we have done as the fear of the consequences.
African women in general need to know that it's OK for them to be the way they are - to see the way they are as a strength, and to be liberated from fear and from silence.
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve.
In order to properly understand the big picture, everyone should fear becoming mentally clouded and obsessed with one small section of truth.
No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear.
At the end of the day, we must go forward with hope and not backward by fear and division.
Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age.
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.
Let the fear of a danger be a spur to prevent it he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.
He whose head is in heaven need not fear to put his feet into the grave.
Fear is not a lasting teacher of duty.
Only the contemptible fear contempt.
Love can no more continue without a constant motion than fire can and when once you take hope and fear away, you take from it its very life and being.
Comedy is defiance. It's a snort of contempt in the face of fear and anxiety. And it's the laughter that allows hope to creep back on the inhale.
Fear is exciting for me.
The fear really hits you. That's what you feel first. And then it's the anger and frustration. Part of the problem is how little we understand about the ultimate betrayal of the body when it rebels against itself.
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
Our country is now geared to an arms economy bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and an incessant propaganda of fear.
I don't fear death because I don't fear anything I don't understand. When I start to think about it, I order a massage and it goes away.
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best.
I'm proof against that word failure. I've seen behind it. The only failure a man ought to fear is failure of cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best.
It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.
I have no fear of making changes, destroying the image, etc., because the painting has a life of its own.
The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear and get a record of successful experiences behind you.
I fear my enthusiasm flags when real work is demanded of me.
Seeing that a Pilot steers the ship in which we sail, who will never allow us to perish even in the midst of shipwrecks, there is no reason why our minds should be overwhelmed with fear and overcome with weariness.
Hopeful thinking can get you out of your fear zone and into your appreciation zone.
Americans are apocalyptic by nature. The reason why is that we've always had so much, so we live in deadly fear that people are going to take it away from us.
They who have conquered doubt and fear have conquered failure.
Follow the path of the unsafe, independent thinker. Expose your ideas to the dangers of controversy. Speak your mind and fear less the label of 'crackpot' than the stigma of conformity. And on issues that seem important to you, stand up and be counted at any cost.
Courage consists not in hazarding without fear but being resolutely minded in a just cause.
We fear to know the fearsome and unsavory aspects of ourselves, but we fear even more to know the godlike in ourselves.
The public is not to see where power lies, how it shapes policy, and for what ends. Rather, people are to hate and fear one another.
As you know from school, it's when you have not prepared for the test that you have the fear of failing. And if you have prepared, even if you fail, you've done your best.
We shall never be able to remove suspicion and fear as potential causes of war until communication is permitted to flow, free and open, across international boundaries.
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning.
I have no fear of losing my life - if I have to save a koala or a crocodile or a kangaroo or a snake, mate, I will save it.
Men fear death as children fear to go in the dark and as that natural fear in children is increased by tales, so is the other.
If you fear making anyone mad, then you ultimately probe for the lowest common denominator of human achievement.
While we are focusing on fear, worry, or hate, it is not possible for us to be experiencing happiness, enthusiasm or love.
Fear comes from uncertainty. When we are absolutely certain, whether of our worth or worthlessness, we are almost impervious to fear.
The fate of animals is of greater importance to me than the fear of appearing ridiculous it is indissolubly connected with the fate of men.
I'm intimidated by the fear of being average.
Exploiting people's emotions of fear, envy and anxiety is not hope, it's not change, it's partisanship. We don't need partisanship. We don't need demagoguery, we need solutions.
Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.
The course of this conflict is not known, yet its outcome is certain. Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know that God is not neutral between them.
The hope and change the Democrats had in mind was nothing more than a retread of the failed and discredited socialist policies that have been the enemy of freedom for centuries all over the world. I fear America is teetering towards tyranny.
If I die a violent death, as some fear and a few are plotting, I know that the violence will be in the thought and the action of the assassins, not in my dying.
The voice of the intelligence is drowned out by the roar of fear. It is ignored by the voice of desire. It is contradicted by the voice of shame. It is biased by hate and extinguished by anger. Most of all it is silenced by ignorance.
I do not fear Satan half so much as I fear those who fear him.
I can't understand people calling themselves religious and being hateful. If a preacher is preaching hate, to fear God that's not religion, that's not helping humanity, that's organizing an army to defeat somebody.
The thing I fear most is fear.
To have a great man for a friend seems pleasant to those who have never tried it those who have, fear it.
The Christian fear of the pagan outlook has damaged the whole consciousness of man.
Fear is, I believe, a most effective tool in destroying the soul of an individual - and the soul of a people.
How very little can be done under the spirit of fear.
Do not look upon this world with fear and loathing. Bravely face whatever the gods offer.
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
Stories can conquer fear, you know. They can make the heart bigger.
This man is freed from servile bands, Of hope to rise, or fear to fall Lord of himself, though not of lands, And leaving nothing, yet hath all.
From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving Whatever gods may be That no life lives for ever That dead men rise up never That even the weariest river Winds somewhere safe to sea.
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.
Scalded cats fear even cold water.
Cruelty is a tyrant that's always attended with fear.
It is not power that corrupts but fear. Fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it and fear of the scourge of power corrupts those who are subject to it.
The thirst for powerful sensations takes the upper hand both over fear and over compassion for the grief of others.
People react to fear, not love they don't teach that in Sunday School, but it's true.
Realists do not fear the results of their study.
When the will defies fear, when duty throws the gauntlet down to fate, when honor scorns to compromise with death - that is heroism.
As soon as men know that they can kill without fear of punishment or blame, they kill or at least they encourage killers with approving smiles.
All religions are founded on the fear of the many and the cleverness of the few.
To good and true love fear is forever affixed.
Events that are predestined require but little management. They manage themselves. They slip into place while we sleep, and suddenly we are aware that the thing we fear to attempt, is already accomplished.
Therefore, when I considered this carefully, the contempt which I had to fear because of the novelty and apparent absurdity of my view, nearly induced me to abandon utterly the work I had begun.
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
A word does not frighten the man who, in acting, feels no fear.
Worry is a cycle of inefficient thoughts whirling around a center of fear.
Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear.
I really believe that all of us have a lot of darkness in our souls. Anger, rage, fear, sadness. I don't think that's only reserved for people who have horrible upbringings. I think it really exists and is part of the human condition. I think in the course of your life you figure out ways to deal with that.
Liberalism is trust of the people tempered by prudence. Conservatism is distrust of the people tempered by fear.
There is nothing strange about fear: no matter in what guise it presents itself it is something with which we are all so familiar that when a man appears who is without it we are at once enslaved by him.
Everything we do in life is based on fear, especially love.
I have a lack of fear, whereas in the past the fear of failure was a powerful motivator. Anyway, I have great expectations for the future, but I just don't know if I'm the monarch of all I survey.
Fear not, the people may be deluded for a moment, but cannot be corrupted.
The results of political changes are hardly ever those which their friends hope or their foes fear.
I do not say think as I think, but think in my way. Fear no shadows, least of all in that great spectre of personal unhappiness which binds half the world to orthodoxy.
When a child can be brought to tears, and not from fear of punishment, but from repentance he needs no chastisement. When the tears begin to flow from the grief of their conduct you can be sure there is an angel nestling in their heart.
No one should fear to undertake any task in the name of our Saviour, if it is just and if the intention is purely for His holy service.
Fear not, we are of the nature of the lion, and cannot descend to the destruction of mice and such small beasts.
I don't run away from a challenge because I am afraid. Instead, I run toward it because the only way to escape fear is to trample it beneath your feet.
Falsehood is invariably the child of fear in one form or another.
There is great beauty in going through life without anxiety or fear. Half our fears are baseless, and the other half discreditable.
Fear is the lengthened shadow of ignorance.
The scariest thought in the world is that someday I'll wake up and realize I've been sleepwalking through my life: underappreciating the people I love, making the same hurtful mistakes over and over, a slave to neuroses, fear, and the habitual.
That fear first created the gods is perhaps as true as anything so brief could be on so great a subject.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Men! The only animal in the world to fear.
The fear of death often proves mortal, and sets people on methods to save their Lives, which infallibly destroy them.
Everyone has his faults which he continually repeats: neither fear nor shame can cure them.
Loving can cost a lot but not loving always costs more, and those who fear to love often find that want of love is an emptiness that robs the joy from life.
Fear is proof of a degenerate mind.
President Obama clearly cannot run on his record. All he's offering is more of the same. That's not good. Look at the economy. It's stagnating. And so, what they're now going to try and do is bring this campaign down to little things, distractions, distortions, smear, fear, anger, frustration.
The secret of life is to have no fear it's the only way to function.
Cruelty is softened by fear, not pity.
Satirists gain the applause of others through fear, not through love.
It is better by noble boldness to run the risk of being subject to half the evils we anticipate than to remain in cowardly listlessness for fear of what might happen.
Discipline is based on pride, on meticulous attention to details, and on mutual respect and confidence. Discipline must be a habit so ingrained that it is stronger than the excitement of the goal or the fear of failure.
To talk about balance, it's easier to talk about what's out of balance. And I think anytime that you have any disease, and disease meaning lack of ease, lack of flow... dis-ease. So any time there's disease, you're out of balance, whether it's jealousy, anger, greed, anxiety, fear.
Almost all the ideas we have about being a man or being a woman are so burdened with pain, anxiety, fear and self-doubt. For many of us, the confusion around this question is excruciating.
Basically, there are two paths you can walk: faith or fear. It's impossible to simultaneously trust God and not trust God.
Do not fear mistakes. There are none.
Fear is the tax that conscience pays to guilt.
A peace that depends on fear is nothing but a suppressed war.
Love and fear. Everything the father of a family says must inspire one or the other.
While there's life, there's fear.
To work without attachment is to work without the expectation of reward or fear of any punishment in this world or the next. Work so done is a means to the end, and God is the end.
It is a base thing for a man among the people not to obey those in command. Never in a state can the laws be well administered when fear does not stand firm.
But what is all this fear of and opposition to Oblivion? What is the matter with the soft Darkness, the Dreamless Sleep?
The terrorists are fighting freedom with all their cunning and cruelty because freedom is their greatest fear - and they should be afraid, because freedom is on the march.
When women hold off from marrying men, we call it independence. When men hold off from marrying women, we call it fear of commitment.
Nature soaks every evil with either fear or shame.
There is greatness in the fear of God, contentment in faith of God, and honour in humility.
My aim, then, was to whip the rebels, to humble their pride, to follow them to their inmost recesses, and make them fear and dread us. Fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Follow the path of the unsafe, independent thinker. Expose your ideas to the danger of controversy. Speak your mind and fear less the label of 'crackpot' than the stigma of conformity.
Healthy children will not fear life if their elders have integrity enough not to fear death.
Love casts out fear, but we have to get over the fear in order to get close enough to love them.
Grab the broom of anger and drive off the beast of fear.
If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home.
The fear of death comes from limited awareness.
I fear the boredom that comes with not learning and not taking chances.
It is a great mystery that though the human heart longs for Truth, in which alone it finds liberation and delight, the first reaction of human beings to Truth is one of hostility and fear!
Boldness is a mask for fear, however great.
My fear is that I go up to the girl of my dreams and say 'I'm sorry, but I've got to say hello to you,' and she slides the stool back and gets up and walks away, saying, 'Not for me, Bub. I don't want anything to do with you.'
My feelings for Ellen overrode all of my fear about being out as a lesbian. I had to be with her, and I just figured I'd deal with the other stuff later.
It's not necessary to fear the prospect of failure but to be determined not to fail.
When desire dies, fear is born.
Fear is the dark room where the Devil develops his negatives.
A propensity to hope and joy is real riches one to fear and sorrow real poverty.
Most men are very attached to the idea of being male, and usually experience a lot of fear and insecurity around the idea of being a man. Most women are very identified with their gender, and also experience a tremendous amount of fear and insecurity.
Luck is everything... My good luck in life was to be a really frightened person. I'm fortunate to be a coward, to have a low threshold of fear, because a hero couldn't make a good suspense film.
Death is not the biggest fear we have our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive - the risk to be alive and express what we really are.
The wise person often shuns society for fear of being bored.
People are afraid, and when people are afraid, when their pie is shrinking, they look for somebody to hate. They look for somebody to blame. And a real leader speaks to anxiety and to fear and allays those fears, assuages anxiety.
When you're young, you're always wondering when you're actually going to feel like a grownup. And I think you probably fear it, in a sense, too. There's a danger to feeling like an adult... like this whimsical kid in you is going to die or something. And then all of a sudden, one day you kind of feel like an adult and it's really nice.
You pretend to be more eccentric than you actually are because you fear you are an interchangeable cog.
I am so tired of fear. And I don't want my girls to live in a country, in a world, based on fear.
I know not why there is such a melancholy feeling attached to the remembrance of past happiness, except that we fear that the future can have nothing so bright as the past.
How strange this fear of death is! We are never frightened at a sunset.
I get so nervous on stage I can't help but talk. I try. I try telling my brain: stop sending words to the mouth. But I get nervous and turn into my grandma. Behind the eyes it's pure fear. I find it difficult to believe I'm going to be able to deliver.
The reason most people don't express their individuality and actually deny it, is not fear of what prime ministers think of us or the head of the federal reserve, It's what their families and their friends down at the bar are going to think of them.
Good men have the fewest fears. He has but one great fear who fears to do wrong he has a thousand who has overcome it.
The Russians feared Ike. They didn't fear me.
I have accepted fear as a part of life - specifically the fear of change... I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back.
To have a great man for an intimate friend seems pleasant to those who have never tried it those who have, fear it.
A fear of the unknown keeps a lot of people from leaving bad situations.
Even as we enumerate their shortcomings, the rigor of raising children ourselves makes clear to us our mothers' incredible strength. We fear both. If they are not strong, who will protect us? If they are not imperfect, how can we equal them?
When someone says that I'm angry it's actually a compliment. I have not always been direct with my anger in my relationships, which is part of why I'd write about it in my songs because I had such fear around expressing anger as a woman.
The origin of the absurd idea of immortal life is easy to discover it is kept alive by hope and fear, by childish faith, and by cowardice.
No one should have to choose between medicine and other necessities. No one should have to use the emergency room every time a child gets sick. And no one should have to live in constant fear that a medical problem will become a financial crisis.
Our government is founded upon the intelligence of the people. I for one do not despair of the republic. I have great confidence in the virtue of the great majority of the people, and I cannot fear the result.
It is wisdom in prosperity, when all is as thou wouldn't have it, to fear and suspect the worst.
I expect nothing. I fear no one. I am free.
So the Marine Corps really did teach me to conquer fear, and then to go for higher causes, higher purposes.
Generosity during life is a very different thing from generosity in the hour of death one proceeds from genuine liberality and benevolence, the other from pride or fear.
Young players need freedom of expression to develop as creative players... they should be encouraged to try skills without fear of failure.
Jealousy is the fear or apprehension of superiority: envy our uneasiness under it.
I just want my family to be safe. Because I am sometimes polarizing, I fear for their safety.
To overcome a fear, here's all you have to do: realize the fear is there, and do the action you fear anyway.
To me, my biggest fear is getting a big head, and that is when I get the hammer. Because it's very easy in this game to believe you're something special.
I think we too often make choices based on the safety of cynicism, and what we're lead to is a life not fully lived. Cynicism is fear, and it's worse than fear - it's active disengagement.
A cheerful frame of mind, reinforced by relaxation... is the medicine that puts all ghosts of fear on the run.
Let us banish fear.
Valor grows by daring, fear by holding back.
When a match has equal partners then I fear not.
Excessive fear is always powerless.
Fear of serious injury alone cannot justify oppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears.
Humility is a great quality of leadership which derives respect and not just fear or hatred.
Dare to be honest and fear no labor.
Audacity augments courage hesitation, fear.
I have this fear of falling in front of large groups of people. That's why I tend not to wear heels.
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.
Everyone believes very easily whatever they fear or desire.
An important consequence of freeing oneself from the fear of death is a radical opening to spirituality of a universal and non-denominational type.
If you have an issue with homosexuality, then it comes to your own fear and your own darkness.
I think 'Dilbert' will remain popular as long as employees are frustrated and they fear the consequences of complaining too loudly. 'Dilbert' is the designated voice of discontent for the workplace. I never planned it that way. It just happened.
No society has been able to abolish human sadness, no political system can deliver us from the pain of living, from our fear of death, our thirst for the absolute. It is the human condition that directs the social condition, not vice versa.
If we fear the unknown then surely we fear ourselves.
Love is the total absence of fear. Love asks no questions. Its natural state is one of extension and expansion, not comparison and measurement.
There is no such thing as perpetual tranquillity of mind while we live here because life itself is but motion, and can never be without desire, nor without fear, no more than without sense.
If you can once engage people's pride, love, pity, ambition on your side, you need not fear what their reason can do against you.
I fear those big words which make us so unhappy.
The strongest passion is fear.
We must laugh before we are happy, for fear we die before we laugh at all.
The fear of burglars is not only the fear of being robbed, but also the fear of a sudden and unexpected clutch out of the darkness.
Quite a lot of our contemporary culture is actually shot through with a resentment of limits and the passage of time, anger at what we can't do, fear or even disgust at growing old.
I don't have any fear of intimacy, but rather thrive on it, which is rare in a public person.
Monopolists who fear competition and who distrust democracy because it stands for equal opportunity would like to secure their position against small and energetic enterprise.
Don't fear change - embrace it.
Fear prophets and those prepared to die for the truth, for as a rule they make many others die with them, often before them, at times instead of them.
The fear of being deceived is the vulgar version of the quest for Truth.
In the company of the accomplished, people hope it will rub off on themselves, in the company of the misfortunate, they fear it!
Under the influence of fear, which always leads men to take a pessimistic view of things, they magnified their enemies' resources, and minimized their own.
Between the fear that something would happen and the hope that still it wouldn't, there is much more space than one thinks. On that narrow, hard, bare and dark space a lot of us spend their lives.
Do we fear terrorism so much that we throw out our Constitution, and are we unwilling and afraid to debate our Constitution?
Wit is so shining a quality that everybody admires it most people aim at it, all people fear it, and few love it unless in themselves. A man must have a good share of wit himself to endure a great share of it in another.
If I have resistance to something, it means there's something wrong. The resistance to me is a sign of fear.
Action cures fear, inaction creates terror.
I have no fear of death. More important, I don't fear life.
He has not learned the first lesson of life who does not every day surmount a fear.
Within the U.S., the Obama presidency will be mainly measured by the success or failure of his economic policies. And here, I fear, the monstrous stimulus package with which this administration stumbled out of the gate will prove to be Obama's Waterloo.
When we drop fear, we can draw nearer to people, we can draw nearer to the earth, we can draw nearer to all the heavenly creatures that surround us.
My aim then was to whip the rebels, to humble their pride, to follow them to their inmost recesses, and make them fear and dread us.
I've always felt that if you back down from a fear, the ghost of that fear never goes away. It diminishes people.
I was probably more scared of my high school exams than I was of the Oscars. At the time you think it's everything and if you don't do well, your life's over. Opportunities are gone. So the more you do it, the less the fear is present.
I am pretty fearless, and you know why? Because I don't handle fear very well I'm not a good terrified person.
How does one kill fear, I wonder? How do you shoot a specter through the heart, slash off its spectral head, take it by its spectral throat?
Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end.
You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear.
What I fear most is power with impunity. I fear abuse of power, and the power to abuse.
Right out of high school I never had the fear of getting beat, which is how most people lose.
Crime in full glory consolidates authority by the sacred fear it inspires.
Isn't history ultimately the result of our fear of boredom?
The abandoned infant's cry is rage, not fear.
Fear is a disease that eats away at logic and makes man inhuman.
It seemed that rebellion must have an unassailable base, something guarded not merely from attack, but from the fear of it: such a base as we had in the Red Sea Parts, the desert, or in the minds of the men we converted to our creed.
There are few things more liberating in this life than having your worst fear realized.
Fear is the foundation of safety.
I do not trust those who make the vaccines, or the apparatus behind it all to push it on us through fear.
I believe the American people have a genuine and justifiable fear of government intrusion in what they instinctively know is going to be an ever more intrusive world.
We should face reality and our past mistakes in an honest, adult way. Boasting of glory does not make glory, and singing in the dark does not dispel fear.
I have been thinking about the notion of perfect love as being without fear, and what that means for us in a world that's becoming increasingly xenophobic, tortured by fundamentalism and nationalism.
Love, hope, fear, faith - these make humanity These are its sign and note and character.
And if the great fear had not come upon me, as it did, and forced me to do my duty, I might have been less good to the people than some man who had never dreamed at all, even with the memory of so great a vision in me.
I've always had a huge fear of dying or becoming ill. The thing I'm most afraid of, though, is being alone, which I think a lot of performers fear. It's why we seek the limelight - so we're not alone, were adored. We're loved, so people want to be around us. The fear of being alone drives my life.
You have to be careful not to let your fear stop you doing things. It's very exciting to test yourself.
We must laugh before we are happy, for fear of dying without having laughed at all.
We should laugh before being happy, for fear of dying without having laughed.
Fear God and work hard.
The more I traveled the more I realized that fear makes strangers of people who should be friends.
Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves - regret for the past and fear of the future.
A company is stronger if it is bound by love rather than by fear.
I don't want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about.
Death in itself is nothing but we fear to be we know not what, we know not where.
Those who love to be feared fear to be loved.
Fear cannot be banished, but it can be calm and without panic it can be mitigated by reason and evaluation.
I've noticed a lot of younger artists have less fear of doing different sorts of things, whether it's various types of music, or gallery artists moving between video and sculpture and drawing.
There's no reason for the establishment to fear me. But it has every right to fear the people collectively - I am one with the people.
Jerusalem is a time bomb that I fear is just waiting to go off.
Resist your fear fear will never lead to you a positive end. Go for your faith and what you believe.
When we can lay down our fear and anger and choose responses other than aggression, we create the conditions for bringing out the best in us humans.
People don't know where to place me. Terry Gilliam used me as a quirky cop in 'Twelve Monkeys', and then he hired me again to be an effeminate hotel clerk in 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas'. Another time, I was shooting this indie film 'The Souler Opposite' and six days a week, I'm playing this big puppy dog, then I come to the 'NYPD Blue' set and become this scumbag.
In this life struggle, here I am among you fully cognizant that a true believer has no fear of what God has ordained for him. Those who are visited by fear live only for their present, under the illusion that the world began with them and will end with their departure.
Uncertainty and fear and ignorance about immigrants, about people who are different, has a history as old as our Nation.
But I love being scared. I think you're brave only when you do things that scare you. I've always used fear as a motivator. I'm not sure why.
If people would know how little brain is ruling the world, they would die of fear.
Resistance is feasible even for those who are not heroes by nature, and it is an obligation, I believe, for those who fear the consequences and detest the reality of the attempt to impose American hegemony.
My dad always tell me to make decisions from love and not from fear.
Men do weird things when they experience fear. It's like a fight-or-flight thing.
An appeal to fear never finds an echo in German hearts.
Fear is something to be moved through, not something to be turned from.
I write entirely to find out what I'm thinking, what I'm looking at, what I see and what it means. What I want and what I fear.
My dear brother Barack Obama has a certain fear of free black men. As a young brother who grows up in a white context, brilliant African father, he's always had to fear being a white man with black skin. All he has known culturally is white. He has a certain rootlessness, a deracination.
Americans are terrified because so many of them have been laid off in recent years and months and they fear that they may be next. Even if they have not been laid off or have not known anyone laid off, they definitely know someone who has lost his home.
You can't be a proper comic unless you've been out on stage and felt the fear.
A huge part of what animates homophobia among young people is paranoia and fear of their own capacity to be gay themselves.
Without fullness of experience, length of days is nothing. When fullness of life has been achieved, shortness of days is nothing. That is perhaps why the young have usually so little fear of death they live by intensities that the elderly have forgotten.
In the ring, I never really knew fear.
Can someone within that society walk into the town square and say what they want without fear of being punished for his or her views? If so, then that society is a free society. If not, it is a fear society.
There's always a period of curious fear between the first sweet-smelling breeze and the time when the rain comes cracking down.
I do support artists standing by their beliefs and walking with integrity. We have to find a better way to commercially exploit music while giving artists their proper respect. This cannot be done while taking their contributions for granted or trying to control the scope of their growth and power through threats and fear tactics.
Television knows no night. It is perpetual day. TV embodies our fear of the dark, of night, of the other side of things.
We are biological creatures. We are born, we live, we die. There is no transcendent purpose to existence. At best we are creatures of reason, and by using reason we can cure ourselves of emotional excess. Purged of both hope and fear, we find courage in the face of helplessness, insignificance and uncertainty.
My greatest fear is feeling like a professional novelist. Somebody who creates characters, who sits down and has pieces of paper taped to the wall - what's going to happen in this scene, or this act. What I like is for it to be a much more scary, sloppy reflection of who I am.
Anger elicits anger, fear elicits fear, no matter how well meaning we may be.
Disease is an experience of a so-called mortal mind. It is fear made manifest on the body.
Fear is a question. What are you afraid of and why? Our fears are a treasure house of self-knowledge if we explore them.
Stand before the people you fear and speak your mind - even if your voice shakes.
A child's fear is a world whose dark corners are quite unknown to grownup people it has its sky and its abysses, a sky without stars, abysses into which no light can ever penetrate.
Fear rules almost every newsroom in the country.
Only a fool does not fear actors, but you can't beat them, and if you can't beat them, join them, as they say. As I've got older I've become very interested in that part of the work.
Failure seldom stops you. What stops you is the fear of failure.
My greatest fear is that the audience will beat me to the punch line.
Roosevelt's declaration that Americans had 'nothing to fear but fear itself' was a glorious piece of inspirational rhetoric and just as gloriously wrong.
Gun crime is a major cause of fear and distress throughout the UK. The problem is deeply entrenched in a wide range of social and cultural factors and therefore not an isolated issue.
I was a postman one Christmas and I developed a morbid fear of dogs.
I never discuss a novel while I'm writing it, for fear that talking about it will diminish my desire to write it.
Authoritarian political ideologies have a vested interest in promoting fear, a sense of the imminence of takeover by aliens and real diseases are useful material.
The only thing I fear more than change is no change. The business of being static makes me nuts.
I think people that have fear that, 'Oh if I have a kid I won't be able to do this and I won't be able to do that.' It's kind of the opposite. It really gives you energy. It makes people better.
Should we fear hackers? Intention is at the heart of this discussion.
Vertigo is the conflict between the fear of falling and the desire to fall.
To seek understanding before taking action, yet to trust my instincts when action is called for. Never to avoid danger from fear, never to seek out danger for its own sake. Never to conform to fashion from fear of eccentricity, never to be eccentric from fear of conformity.
Laughter kills fear, and without fear there can be no faith. For without fear of the devil there is no need for God.
President Obama is doing the right thing by offering young immigrants, most often in this country through no action of their own, a chance to live and work openly, free from the fear of deportation.
You get so afraid of failure and so afraid of losing and so afraid of not being the best that it's not a natural drive - it's born out of fear of failure. Which helps in Hollywood.
Yet, it ought to be obvious that good music generally occupies a higher plane that mere politics. Great writers can express moods through melody and capture experiences we share most powerfully - love, lust, longing joy, rage, fear triumph, yearning and confusion.
I definitely think cheerleaders have no fear.
Although I am deeply grateful to a great many people, I forgo the temptation of naming them for fear that I might slight any by omission.
I don't believe in fear - I live my life without regrets.
I have no fear of being less beautiful, I've always been afraid of not being beautiful.
I sometimes have a horrible fear of turning up a canvas of mine. I'm always afraid of finding a monster in place of the precious jewels I thought I had put there!
Fear, anxiety and neurosis: that's just in the suitcase when you're an actor.
Authority has every reason to fear the skeptic, for authority can rarely survive in the face of doubt.
Not a few other very eminent and scholarly men made the same request, urging that I should no longer through fear refuse to give out my work for the common benefit of students of Mathematics.
So here we are today with a new conversation. When University of Georgia plays Georgia Tech, it's uniform color versus skin color. We have - we've overcome that level of racial fear.
I took a Fear of Flying class, and I always missed the class, because I was always flying.
I think it is important to ask ourselves as citizens, not as Democrats attacking the administration, but as citizens, whether a world power can really provide global leadership on the basis of fear and anxiety?
Together we can make a world where cancer no longer means living with fear, without hope, or worse.
In morals what begins in fear usually ends in wickedness in religion what begins in fear usually ends in fanaticism. Fear, either as a principle or a motive, is the beginning of all evil.
So fear helps me from making mistakes, but I make lot of mistakes.
Fear of failure has always been my best motivator.
My fear now is of cliche, of complacency, of not being able to feel authenticity in myself and those around me.
I had a constant fear, a constant little doubt in my mind: 'OK, I'm getting ready to do my standing back full on beam and I might re-tear my ACL.'
Mine are the deep-seated fears established when we are children, and they never quite go away: the fear of being helpless, the fear of being trapped, the fear of being out of control.
Being a parent is not for the faint of heart. I may joke about knowing fear, but the fact is, the first time I ever knew real fear was the day Charlotte, my first child, was born. Suddenly there is someone in the world you care about more than anything.
I always say three things make a writer: inspiration, obviously perspiration, doing the work. But the third is desperation. I'm not really fit for anything else, or to have a real job. That fear drives me. The pressure has always been self inflicted.
I like to do something I fear.
At first I wasn't sure that I had the talent, but I did know I had a fear of failure, and that fear compelled me to fight off anything that might abet it.
Jews survived all the defeats, expulsions, persecutions and pogroms, the centuries in which they were regarded as a pariah people, even the Holocaust itself, because they never gave up the faith that one day they would be free to live as Jews without fear.
In an ecology of love, people can relate in trust and face the future without fear. They do not need to play it safe. They can take uncertainty in their stride.
It may be you fear more to deliver judgment upon me than I fear judgment.
God, make me so uncomfortable that I will do the very thing I fear.
Fear was absolutely necessary. Without it, I would have been scared to death.
A lot of people fear death because they think that so overwhelming an experience has to be painful, but I've seen quite a few deaths, and, with one exception, I've never known anyone to undergo anything like agony. That's amazing when you think about it. I mean, how complicated the mechanism is that's being taken apart.
A man's primary fantasy is access to a variety of attractive women without the fear of rejection.
I am consumed with the fear of failing. Reaching deep down and finding confidence has made all my dreams come true.
The greatest fear that haunts this city is a suitcase bomb, nuclear or germ. Many people carry small gas masks. The masses here seem to be resigned to the inevitable, believing an attack of major proportions will happen.
The Feminist Me says that a woman's right to her own body should be inviolate at all times, free from fear of peeping paps.
Well, I am now convinced there is no kind of fear or anxiety anyone has to live with.
Roosevelt talked not only about Freedom from Fear, but also Freedom from Want.
I fear God never showed mercy to one so vile as I.
Most of us harbour a significant amount of subconscious fear about death, and act out of this fear in our daily lives.
Fear is just not a part of my life - so much so that if it's involved in somebody else's life and they're close to me, I won't be around them.
The dread of lonliness is greater than the fear of bondage, so we get married.
There are many who dare not kill themselves for fear of what the neighbours will say.
As repressed sadists are supposed to become policemen or butchers so those with an irrational fear of life become publishers.
There's a confidence that comes from youth and not knowing better. But there comes a point, as an actor, when you do know better, and that is when the fear starts.
My father was against the death penalty, and that was hard in the Son of Sam summer when fear was driving the desire for the death penalty.
Because of the lack of education on AIDS, discrimination, fear, panic, and lies surrounded me.
The universal human laws - need, love for the beloved, fear, hunger, periodic exaltation, the kindness that rises up naturally in the absence of hunger/fear/pain - are constant, predictable, reliable, universal, and are merely ornamented with the details of local culture.
Let them hate so long as they fear.
The regrets of yesterday and the fear of tomorrow can kill you.
Fear of the future is worse than one's present fortune.
Most fear stems from sin to limit one's sins, one must assuredly limit one's fear, thereby bringing more peace to one's spirit.
Over the past few years, the road to confrontation has shown its consequences: loss of innocent lives, destruction and fear. Most costly, however, was the loss of hope. The most precious gift that you can present to your peoples over the coming weeks is renewed hope born out of tangible progress on the ground.
I'd rather be two strokes ahead going into the last day than two strokes behind. Having said that, it's probably easier to win coming from behind. There is no fear in chasing. There is fear in being chased.
Try a thing you haven't done three times. Once, to get over the fear of doing it. Twice, to learn how to do it. And a third time to figure out whether you like it or not.
Coming to terms with the fear of death is conducive to healing, positive personality transformation, and consciousness evolution.
I think one thing that kids who grow up on farms really have going for them is they have exposure to death and birth in a totally different way. I think it takes away a little bit of the mystery and a little bit of the fear, and I do wish I had that. And I wish I was able to grow my own food.
You know I never used to be a bad flyer, but I did start to have a fear of flying after I shot a movie where I was terrorized on a plane. I made Wes Craven's 'Red Eye'. I don't think they're linked but it does make me pause and wonder if they are, so perhaps I will explore that in therapy some day.
Vaccines save lives fear endangers them. It's a simple message parents need to keep hearing.
At the root of the shy temperament is a deep fear of social judgment, one so severe it can sometimes be crippling. Introverted people don't worry unduly about whether they'll be found wanting, they just find too much socializing exhausting and would prefer either to be alone or in the company of a select few people.
What people fear most about tragedy is its randomness - a taxi cab jumps the curb and hits a pedestrian, a gun misfires and kills a bystander. Better to have some rational cause and effect between incident and injury. And if cause and effect aren't possible, better that there at least be some reward for all the suffering.
Less base the fear of death than fear of life.
I call on the Iranian people: it is not too late to replace the corrupt regime and return to your glorious Persian heritage, a heritage of culture and values and not of bombs and missiles... How can a nation allow a regime to instill fear, take away the people's freedom and shock the young generation that seeks its way out of the dictatorial Iran.
I wish there were more true conversion, and then there would not be so much backsliding, and, for fear of suffering, living at ease, when there are so few to contend for Christ and His cause.
Fear not and the God of mercies grant a full gale and a fair entry into His kingdom, which may carry sweetly and swiftly over the bar, that you find not the rub of death.
I wish to be a martyr, and I don't fear death.
I don't have a fear of flying I have a fear of crashing.
Fear of death has never played a large part in my consciousness - perhaps unimaginative of me.
I might be deceiving myself but I do not think that I do have an inordinate fear of death.
On the one hand Twitter gives you the opportunity to engage with people, which is great, but on the other there are people who feel they can say whatever they want, put poison out there, really, without fear of any repercussions.
Americans need never fear their government because of the advantage of being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation.
Today it is not big business that we have to fear. It is big government.
Fear controls you.
If you have stage fright, it never goes away. But then I wonder: is the key to that magical performance because of the fear?
For me it's important to be in balance. To not let fear get in the way of things, to not worry so much about protecting yourself all the time.
Fear is always a good motivator.
What our children have to fear is not the cars on the highways of tomorrow but our own pleasure in calculating the most elegant parameters of their deaths.
We are near, very near, to an end to the eurozone crisis... The worst - in the sense of the fear of the eurozone breaking up - is over. But the best isn't there yet.
You always have this fear in a movie of just being somebody's woman.
Perhaps we don't need these religious concoctions to pillow the fear of death. Just the fact that there is an unknown, and something greater, can bring a feeling of peace. That's enough for me.
That might have a lot to do with it, but you know, I probably don't show fear, but I suffer from fear like everyone else.
Honest to God, all my life I have had such a fear of spiders. In fact, I use to have a reoccurring dream about one. Very clearly, it was black with a red head. It would sit up in the corner of the bedroom and when it started getting closer, I would wake up in a panic.
You have to have fear to take risks - and I want to at least try.
You live in this shadow that you're going to burn in Hell until you're saved. And I still worry about it a little. I don't believe in Heaven, but I do still fear Hell.
As with most phobias, the fear of flying does make some sense, but if ever there was a fear worth quashing then this is it. After all, life is short, and there's a great big world to explore out there.
You can't operate a company by fear, because the way to eliminate fear is to avoid criticism. And the way to avoid criticism is to do nothing.
Going to parties usually makes me feel depressed, just because I have such social fear after meeting people.
I'm completely in love with the world but also terrified of it. It creates some overwhelming feelings. Wanting to battle out that joy and fear is part of my music.
I'd gone from being this art student messing about with music to this girl with a record deal, magazine front covers and all this hype. In many ways, it was everything I ever wanted, but when it happened all I felt was total, paralysing fear.
Why do people do things that they fear? It may be that the fear contains information. Something can be interesting if you get to the other side of that fear.
Fear and pain and suffering is not OK for any being to feel intentionally at the hands of us.
My fear is that, as soon as I get married and have kids that I'll kind of do what a lot of people do and suddenly start making, 'Now I'm gonna make films for kids.' I really hope I don't do that.
Freedom is contagious. That's why despots fear it so much.
I find writing very difficult. It's hard and it hurts sometimes, and it's scary because of the fear of failure and the very unpleasant feeling that you may have reached the limit of your abilities.
Respect and fear are two different things.
The thing about Republicans is that they don't care so much about respect, but they love fear, at least in others.
A writer of fiction lives in fear. Each new day demands new ideas and he can never be sure whether he is going to come up with them or not.
The injury that we do to a man must be such that we need not fear his vengeance.
There is no nation so powerful, as the one that obeys its laws not from principals of fear or reason, but from passion.
I have now taken a serious task upon myself and I fear a greater one that is in the power of any man to perform in the given time-but it is too late to go back.
Whenever there is fear, you will get wrong figures.
All the times I've been lucky enough to be a part of a show that's actually gotten on the air, it's always that same mixture of excitement and utter fear.
We have not sought this conflict we have sought too long to avoid it our forbearance has been construed into weakness, our magnanimity into fear, until the vindication of our manhood, as well as the defence of our rights, is required at our hands.
There are no guarantees. From the viewpoint of fear, none are strong enough. From the viewpoint of love, none are necessary.
Fear not that thy life shall come to an end, but rather that it shall never have a beginning.
He doesn't know the meaning of the word fear, but then again he doesn't know the meaning of most words.
People have a fear of the unknown. Insects have different senses than us, different amount of limbs and their body structure is very different. It's hard for us to really relate to them and understand them.
I fear that our true motivation is about oil and our own flailing economy about the failure to destroy Al Qaeda and about revenge.
Defeat the fear of death and welcome the death of fear.
With their souls of patent leather, they come down the road. Hunched and nocturnal, where they breathe they impose, silence of dark rubber, and fear of fine sand.
There are only three sins - causing pain, causing fear, and causing anguish. The rest is window dressing.
Americans have discovered fear.
I thought Erica Jong's Fear of Flying was one of the biggest pieces of crap that I've ever read in my life.
Somehow we can't live outside the politics of race. There's something very deep in all of us, that is taught to us when we are very, very little. Which is the disrespect and fear of the other.
Being brave isn't the absence of fear. Being brave is having that fear but finding a way through it.
You're not human if you don't feel fear. But I've learnt to treat fear as an emotion that sharpens me. It's there to give me that edge for what I have to do.
I live my life through fear. If I'm afraid of it I'll do it just so I'm not afraid of it anymore.
I talk to women's groups all over the country and see women struggling with this. The fear of not being accepted, of being different, of not having a man, all make it hard for a woman to do what she really believes is right for her.
I am very interested in what has been called bad taste. I believe the fear of displaying a soi-disant bad taste stops us from venturing into special cultural zones.
So then learn to conquer your fear. This is the only art we have to master nowadays: to look at things without fear, and to fearlessly do right.
Who sows fear, reaps weapons.
Discipline strengthens the mind so that it becomes impervious to the corroding influence of fear.
It is because I believe that it is in the power of such nations to lead the world back into the paths of peace that I propose to devote myself to explaining what, in my opinion, can and should be done to banish the fear of war that hangs so heavily over the world.
Terrorism is a psychological warfare. Terrorists try to manipulate us and change our behavior by creating fear, uncertainty, and division in society.
I didn't want to be on the losing side. I was fed up with Jewish weakness, timidity and fear. I didn't want any more Jewish sentimentality and Jewish suffering. I was sickened by our sad songs.
Peace, if it ever exists, will not be based on the fear of war but on the love of peace.
Necessity of action takes away the fear of the act, and makes bold resolution the favorite of fortune.
Democracy is stronger than terrorism, and we will not cower to the terrorists' campaign of fear.
I live in a kind of controlled awareness. I wouldn't call it fear, but it's an awareness. I know I have a responsibility to behave in a certain way. I'm able to do that.
I fear that the rising personal bankruptcies and repossessions are the first signs of bigger problems to come and personal debt - Gordon Brown's legacy to millions of Britain's families - will hang like a millstone around the neck of the British people for years to come.
Fear is a huge thing for older people.
The elimination of the fear of death transforms the individual's way of being in the world.
Dying before dying has two important consequences: It liberates the individual from the fear of death and influences the actual experience of dying at the time of biological demise.
One of the darkest, deepest shames so many of us mothers feel nowadays is our fear that we are Bad Mothers, that we are failing our children and falling far short of our own ideals.
By presenting a faithful and honest record of my experience as a mother, I hope to show both my readers and my children how truth can redeem even what you fear might be the gravest of sins.
The thing about youthful offenders is that no one seems to care about them. Most people don't like adolescents - even the good ones can be snarky and unpleasant. Combine the antipathy we feel toward the average teenager with the fear inspired by youth violence, and you have a population that no one wants to deal with.
Another parent's different approach raises the possibility that you've made a mistake with your child. We simply can't tolerate that because we fear that any mistake, no matter how minor, could have devastating consequences. So we proclaim the superiority of our own choices. We've lost sight of the fact that people have preferences.
Fear and greed are potent motivators. When both of these forces push in the same direction, virtually no human being can resist.
We all struggle with our failure to communicate and our failure to reach beyond fear to love people.
You live with the fear people might find out. Then you actually have the courage to tell people and they go, I don't think you are gay. It's enough to drive you crazy.
More than fantasy or even science fiction, Ray Bradbury wrote horror, and like so many great horror writers he was himself utterly without fear, of anything. He wasn't afraid of looking uncool - he wasn't scared to openly love innocence, or to be optimistic, or to write sentimentally when he felt that way.
There is the fear, common to all English-only speakers, that the chief purpose of foreign languages is to make fun of us. Otherwise, you know, why not just come out and say it?
I have a pathological fear of being on my own. When I'm with my own thoughts, I start to unravel myself, and I start to think really dark thoughts, self-destructive thoughts.
I don't have a fear factor. Well, not much of one. And I'm willing to risk quite a lot - as a comedian, you're always risking a lot. You're risking failure, especially if you're improvising and going on TV shows trying to make comedy out of thin air. That is quite a risky business.
It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon which raises the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to.
Fear can make all of us do the wrong things sometimes.
I fear only God, all praises to Him.
You know, Stephen says, in the movies no one ever goes to the bathroom. They shave, they brush their teeth. He goes right at this sort of funny taboo we have about the bathroom, and he turned it into this nightmare, you know, your worst fear of what's in there.
My biggest fear ever is to be involved in a plane crash, so when that happened... well, I'm just thankful to be alive. I'm just grateful to be here at all.
Libertarians know that a free country has nothing to fear from anyone coming in or going out - while a welfare state is scared to death of poor people coming in and rich people getting out.
Hey, we all have our fear. Mine is bugs and lobsters!
There are people who never experience that, who remain closed until death, from fear of change.
The biggest fear I have is to die with regrets, and of course that will come true.
If you don't go towards the thing you fear, you won't be able to say you lived.
I wish I had less fear about creating my own parts.
I'd make a terrible surgeon. The fear of blood? Very high on my list.
I could write an entertaining novel about rejection slips, but I fear it would be overly long.
Not one has shown an iota of fear of death. They want to end this agony.
We Hoosiers hold to some quaint notions. Some might say we 'cling' to them, though not out of fear or ignorance. We believe in paying our bills. We have kept our state in the black throughout the recent unpleasantness, while cutting rather than raising taxes, by practicing an old tribal ritual - we spend less money than we take in.
The vehemence with which certain critics have chosen not simply to criticize what I've written, but to challenge my writing this story at all, speaks of what the book is about: fear of disapproval.
I say let's go back to a truer use of the word 'freedom.' Let's start with President Franklin Roosevelt's Four Freedoms: freedom of speech and expression, freedom of worship, freedom from want and freedom from fear. I would add the freedom to bargain collectively. Those freedoms are under attack today.
When we are unwilling to draw clear moral lines between free societies and fear societies, when we are unwilling to call the former good and the latter evil, we will not be able to advance the cause of peace because peace cannot be disconnected from freedom.
You know that day after day of, Oh God what am I going to do with myself feeling? The fear of the emptiness that it implies keeps me going.
I find fear is a great motivator to work hard.
There was a real fear that a euro-zone bank might fail, that we'd have a sovereign debt problem in one of the larger European economies. That's dissipated, thanks largely to the action of the European Central Bank.
We poison our lives with fear of burglary and shipwreck, and, ask anyone, the house is never burgled, and the ship never goes down.
When men don't fear God, they give themselves to evil.
I cannot give a single concert at which I do not play one piece after the other in an agony of terror because my memory threatens to fail me. This fear torments me for days beforehand.
Worry does not mean fear, but readiness for the confrontation.
Hope thou not much, and fear thou not at all.
We must have our say, not through violence, aggression or fear. We must speak out calmly and forcefully. We shall only be able to enter the new world era if we agree to engage in dialogue with the other side.
People with bad consciences always fear the judgment of children.
As one who participated in all the wars of the state of Israel, I saw the horror of wars. I saw the fear of wars. I saw my best friends being killed in battles. I was seriously injured twice.
The world has nothing to fear from military ambition in our Government.
I fear other actors who are not prepared. And I fear directors who are afraid.
I don't think that anyone seriously fears that the world can be blown to pieces all together. But what one can fear and rightly so are regional things, like in the Middle East, India, Pakistan, the Korean Peninsula, borders in Africa, etc.
Change creates fear, and technology creates change. Sadly, most people don't behave very well when they are afraid.
Part of what Special Olympics is trying to do is break down stereotypes that still exist for people. There is still a lot of fear.
I have a fear of poverty in old age. I have this vision of myself living in a skip and eating cat food. It's because I'm freelance, and I've never had a proper job. I don't have a pension, and my savings are dwindling. I always thought someone would just come along and look after me.
Let children read whatever they want and then talk about it with them. If parents and kids can talk together, we won't have as much censorship because we won't have as much fear.
The books that will never be read. And all due to the fear of censorship. As always, young readers will be the real losers.
There's so much fear involved in trying to do something you don't know how to do that drugs and alcohol can become a big part of your life if you have an addictive personality or are very unsure, which most songwriters are.
The things you fear are undefeatable, not by their nature, but by your approach.
I live in constant fear of being fired or dropped for that dark part of my work I can't control.
The fear for a network is the viewer gets tired of you. Not that you lost any credibility, but they get tired of you.
But with the right kind of coaching and determination you can accomplish anything and the biggest accomplishment that I feel I got from the film was overcoming that fear.
We've all had that fear, that despair of losing someone, or this fierce desire because it's not reciprocated. The less reciprocation there is, the more desire we have.
I won't touch on risky, because that's subjective. People are just afraid of things too much. Afraid of things that don't necessarily merit fear.
He who has conquered doubt and fear has conquered failure.
I don't want to wake up and be bored. That's probably my greatest fear is to have nothing to do. What better job is there than to play quarterback for an NFL team, and certainly one that I've been on for a long time and had success with? I don't plan on giving it up any time soon.
I'm not the type of person to live in fear. I think positively.
Sides are being divided now. It's very obvious. So if you're on the other side of the fence, you're suddenly anti-American. It's breeding fear of being on the wrong side.
There is a lot of hype and fear about this much-talked-about prospect of designer babies.
You don't want too much fear in a market, because people will be blinded to some very good buying opportunities. You don't want too much complacency because people will be blinded to some risk.
There is a kind of fear, approaching a panic, that's spreading through the Baby Boom Generation, which has suddenly discovered that it will have to provide for its own retirement.
Part of the reason that the government's fear mongering is succeeding is because so many people are so ignorant, that it is easier for government to frighten people in submission.
Action conquers fear.
Defeat the fear of death and you welcome the death of fear.
There is a fear of emotion in tennis.
Forty years ago this country went down a rabbit hole in Vietnam and millions died. I fear we're going down a rabbit hole once again - and if people can stop and think and reflect on some of the ideas and issues in this movie, perhaps I've done some damn good here!
In tennis, it is not the opponent you fear, it is the failure itself, knowing how near you were but just out of reach.
The independent girl is a person before whose wrath only the most rash dare stand, and, they, it must be confessed, with much fear and trembling.
Hunger and fear are the only realities in dog life: an empty stomach makes a fierce dog.
The only men who aren't in fear of women's reactions are usually men who aren't born or who are dead.
My only problem is the fear that opposition bowlers might go for my fingers and that's why I was scared of the short ball. Now I am struggling with the ball pitching up and swinging away. I just keep nicking that one.
A lot of children, like I did, move away from words because of the fear - which is something you have to take out of education: the fear of worrying about what marks you'll get, detention, worrying about letting people down, your parents, teachers.
I am grateful that I didn't let fear get the best of me. It only holds you back from possibilities and greatness.
You've got to kick fear to the side, because the payoff is huge.
My greatest desire is that the hope that has overcome fear in my country will help vanquish it around the world.
In masks outrageous and austere, The years go by in single file But none has merited my fear, And none has quite escaped my smile.
Fear created the first gods in the world.
What's powerful about a love scene is not seeing the act. It's seeing the passion, the need, the desire, the caring, the fear.
But to be the best, you must face the best. And to overcome your fear, you must deal with the best.
The way you deal with a scare is the way you deal with a laugh. The timing has to be perfect. When you're dealing with fear or laughter - emotions that happen spontaneously - you hope it's working. But in the moment, you really have no idea.
It is said that those whom the gods wish to destroy they first make mad. It may well be that a war neurosis stirred up by propaganda of fear and hatred is the prelude to destruction.
My biggest fear in life is to be average.
When you say 'fear of the unknown', that is the definition of fear fear is the unknown, fear is what you do not know, and it's genetically within us so that we feel safe. We feel scared of the woods because we're not familiar with it, and that keeps you safe.
Why fear death? It is the most beautiful adventure in life.
There's always an element of fear that you need to work a lot until people get sick and tired of you or finally figure out that you're a fraud after all!
I'd like to jump out of a plane. I have a fear of heights I'd like to face.
Studios, because they are investing a great deal of money in movies, they want a guarantee that when they hire somebody that person can deliver for them. Everything is fear based, so they pigeonhole people. But I've written everything, from Westerns to sci-fi to dramedy, I've done it all.
By action and reaction do we become strong or weak, according to the character of our thoughts and mental states. Fear is the deadly nightshade of the mind.
Americans have an abiding belief in their ability to control reality by purely material means... airline insurance replaces the fear of death with the comforting prospect of cash.
I think that my vampires in general were influenced by my being allowed to watch the Hammer vampire films. Vampire Circus, also shown as Circus of Fear, was one of those movies.
I decided to make 'Captain America' because I realized I wasn't doing the film because it terrified me. You can't make decisions based on fear.
With all of the divisiveness that is going on in the country we live in, so much of it is based around just fear of the other. And anyone who does not look like me, walk like me, talk like me, have sex like me, they're the other and I'm afraid of them. And hopefully we will learn that it's just not scary. There's nothing to be afraid of.
China, in the future, is going to have even more nuclear capability than it has had in the past. I don't believe that they have anything to fear from the United States, and I frankly don't believe they do fear the United States.
It is the privilege of those who fear love to murder those who do not fear it!
Writers rush in where publishers fear to tread and where translators fear to tread.
I play with a fear of letting people down. That's what motivates me.
There's a connection between the advances that are made in technology and the sense of primitive fear people develop in response to it.
Every move we make in fear of the next war in fact hastens it.
The Klan had used fear, intimidation and murder to brutally oppress over African-Americans who sought justice and equality and it sought to respond to the young workers of the civil rights movement in Mississippi in the same way.
Fear may very well be a caveman fear of the predator, of the giant lizard chasing them - maybe that's what Steven Spielberg connects with so well in Lost World.
War is fear cloaked in courage.
We will be safer from terrorist attack only when we have earned the respect of all other nations instead of their fear, respect for our values and not merely our weapons.
I've been quite fascinated by the relative insignificance of human existence, the shortness of life. We might as well be a letter in a word in a sentence on a page in a book in a library in a city in one country in this enormous universe! And that kind of fear and insignificance has kept me awake at night.
Are you gonna fuel your faith or fuel your fear? I'm all about fueling my faith, especially when it's hard to do so.
I like normal stuff people fear - like spiders and heights. I'm frightened by the unknown, by things that are hard to figure out and get a grip on.
If you believe in yourself, if you are without fear, you will also be tolerant, non-aggressive and find love.
It sometimes is just the fear of being misunderstood.
Fear nothing but what thy industry may prevent be confident of nothing but what fortune cannot defeat it is no less folly to fear what is impossible to be avoided than to be secure when there is a possibility to be deprived.
Nothing drew me to the film business. I was propelled by the fear and anxiety of Vietnam. I had been drafted into the Marines. My brother was already serving in Vietnam. I bought, if you will, a stay of execution - both literally and figuratively - and went on to graduate school of business from the law school that I was attending.
Being aware of your fear is smart. Overcoming it is the mark of a successful person.
In terms of fear, I still am most afraid of Freddie Kruger.
I'm not scared of anything in particular, but I am motivated by a fear of failure as opposed to a need to succeed.
Many a time freedom has been rolled back - and always for the same sorry reason: fear.
I was horrified when Richard Chamberlain and Rupert Everett said gay actors should stay in the closet. They were saying to people that they should live a lie and not be liberated, to live in fear of being found out.
For our part, we shall continue to work for the new dawn when all the Children of Abraham and their descendants are living together in the birthplace of their three great monotheistic religions, a life free from fear, a life free from want - a life in peace.
My only fear is the unknown.
Yoga is a way to freedom. By its constant practice, we can free ourselves from fear, anguish and loneliness.
I think there's a lot projected on beautiful women, period. At least, maybe this is just my fear, but I do sometimes feel dismissed before I've even been allowed to participate. I have moments of feeling really wounded. But I am pretty optimistic, and I do enjoy a lot of my life.
Let no man fear to die, we love to sleep all, and death is but the sounder sleep.
Here's what the right-wing has in, there's no shortage of the natural resources of ignorance, apathy, hate, fear. As long as those things are in the collective conscious and unconscious, the Republicans will have some votes.
People are so used to having their lives filmed, they're not even conscious of having cameras around. I still have that sort of suspicion when a camera comes out. I view it as a thing to fear.
I'm afraid of being average. I have a real fear of being just another linebacker.
Of the primary emotions, fear is the one that bears most directly on survival. Children show fear. Adults try not to, maybe because it's shameful, or, in some circumstances, dangerous. The fear response is automatic, though, and your body runs through its reflexes whether you want it to or not.
People don't want to talk about death, just like they don't want to talk about computer security. Maybe I should have named my workstation Fear. People are so motivated by fear.
For any new technology there is always controversy and there always some fear associated with it. I think that's just the price of being first sometimes.
If the markets had behaved badly, that would obviously add to people's sense of alarm... but there has been a lot of reassurance coming, particularly in the way the Brits handled all this. There seems to be no great fear that something like that is going to happen here.
Each sudden gust of light explains itself as flames, but neither they, nor even bombs redoubled on the hills tonight can quite include me in their fear.
I was kind of surprised to learn how controlling I am. I never thought of myself in that way. I think the root of the control issues is usually fear, because you want to know what's going to be happening at any given moment.
I have no fear that the candle lighted in Palestine years ago will ever be put out.
The one thing I've learned is that stuttering in public is never as bad as I fear it will be.
We manage the fear, I manage the fear, but it certainly takes its toll, the strain does.
The filmmaking process is a very personal one to me, I mean it really is a personal kind of communication. It's not as though its a study of fear or any of that stuff.
I think everyone shares a fear of failure - that you're only as good as your most recent collection. That's definitely a fear, but it's a fear that fuels me, that makes me want to work harder, that makes me take on more challenges.
Most people come to fear not death itself, but the many terrible ways of dying.
My greatest fear is disappointing the reader, so each book has to be better than the one before.
We fear doing too little when we should do more. Then atone by doing too much, when perhaps we should do less.
I had a fear of becoming anything, a fear of becoming a specialist. I might have become a doctor, but if you become a doctor, that's your specialty in life and you are defined by it. One of the attractions of being a writer is that you're never a specialist. Your field is entirely open your field is the entire human condition.
Loneliness is, I think, people's biggest fear, whether they are conscious of it or not.
When I was younger I used to pick things just to face the fear.
I'll think, If this is his first punch, how are the others gonna feel? That's the only fear I have for myself.
When, as we must often do, we fear science, we really fear ourselves.
I have no fear of photography as long as it cannot be used in heaven and in hell.
I didn't fear failure. I expected failure.
I know a lot of people fear the rougher types who might be at a state school, but surely it is better to know who they are and how to deal with them than for that kind of child to appear as a completely different species to yours.
I'd love to be a dad. I hope I'd be great at it. That's every man's fear, yet his most important job.
Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.
Celebrity or no celebrity, I think a lot of females deal with the fear of being abducted.
With Alexander's cancer, I was definitely brought to my knees for the first time because of the fear factor.
How are fears born? They are born because of differences in tradition and history they are born because of differences in emotional, political and national circumstances. Because of such differences, people fear they cannot live together.
Some days it is a heroic act just to refuse the paralysis of fear and straighten up and step into another day.
Don't fear the terrorists. They're mothers and fathers.
Do what you fear most and you control fear.
I don't think that fundamentalism has anything to do with Jesus Christ. They call themselves Christians, but if that's Christian, count me out. Fundamentalism is built on fear and greed. They're telling you to give them your money otherwise you're going to hell.
The roots of homophobia are fear. Fear and more fear.
I remember looking at the sky and thinking that the universe is so big and it's all chaos. I call it 'the dark fear.' At any moment, the dark fear could come in.
There is no city or country in the world where women and girls live free of the fear of violence. No leader can claim: 'this is not happening in my backyard.'
Most fears are basic: fear of the dark, fear of going down in the basement, fear of weird sounds, fear that somebody is waiting for you in your closet. Those kinds of things stay with you no matter what age.
Joely Richardson
I delivered lectures, and I was also a consultant for international companies in finance, both private equity and big venture capital funds.
I turn up in Los Angeles every now and then, so I can get some big money films in order to finance my smaller money films.
It's very difficult to break into motion pictures, but it's oddly easier for directors today because of independent films and cable, who have inherited for the most part those films of substance that the studios are reluctant to finance.
As you know, Social Security functions under the premise that today's workers will help finance benefits for retirees and that these workers will then be supported by the next generation of workers paying into the same system.
I now work for a finance company in Luxembourg with projects in South America and the Caribbean.
I certainly want campaign finance reform. I just wish this would do it in a way that would stand up to a constitutional challenge.
The more anxious, isolated and time-deprived we are, the more likely we are to turn to paid personal services. To finance these extra services, we work longer hours. This leaves less time to spend with family, friends and neighbors we become less likely to call on them for help, and they on us.
Large companies cannot finance political parties as their shareholders and employees have different political views.
Masood Ahmed brings to the position of director of external relations extensive experience gained in a range of senior positions in international finance and development.
Look, Congress has allocated more money to finance the upcoming Iraqi elections than it has for the American elections. There's something wrong with that.
Well, first let me say that I think health care reform is important. It has to be a priority. And our system is broken. The Finance Committee bill is the best effort yet, due in large measure to the efforts of my colleague, Olympia Snowe, but it's not there yet. It falls short.
I don't plan on going back to legal work. I wanted an international career, and finance seemed to be where some interesting career opportunities were.
To be fair, lying is part and parcel of public life. Every politician has lied about something because they are owned by the special interest groups that finance their elections.
Our strength in finance has led us to set up an international financial centre with medium and long-term objectives, especially to develop Islamic financial and insurance services.
Hats have been my thing pretty much my whole life but finance has not. I would go to the corner store and buy really cheap baseball style caps and wear those to school.
I wanted to make Jerusalem as feature film. But we couldn't finance it only through theatrical release, we couldn't get all the money we needed. We had to get some money from television. So we said, ok, let's do it both ways. So we did it in four parts.
Spain is finding it very difficult to finance itself with sovereign debt risk premium so high.
Well, paycheck protection is an important ingredient for a successful campaign finance reform measure.
I've been writing a lot, I've a few projects I'm trying to finance, I do some acting, I do some directing... Apart from that, if I could get lower that a ten handicap on my golf game I'd be thrilled.
Nobody wants campaign finance reform more than me. It would save me a fortune.
The confidence is really driven by the woman - whether she can have the confidence that there will be enough earning or income to finance all the domestic spending - but also by the middle-income class, which for many Asian countries has become the growth power for the economy.
The war we are fighting today against terrorism is a multifaceted fight. We have to use every tool in our toolkit to wage this war - diplomacy, finance, intelligence, law enforcement, and of course, military power - and we are developing new tools as we go along.
Many dotcoms recruited people from existing companies who were quite experienced in finance, marketing, distribution and other disciplines but not necessarily experienced in the Web culture.
The Republican Party is not in the hands of the Jewish lobby in America as the Democratic Party must look quite often to Jewish money to finance candidates.
I understand that finance can be very complex.
The government is also looking at further benefits including enhanced capital allowances the use of Tax Incremental Finance and extra help from UK Trade and Investment on inward investment and trade opportunities.
If I finance a bank and I know if the bank will get in trouble, I will be hit and I will lose money, I will put a price on that.
Our goal is to make finance the servant, not the master, of the real economy.
It starts with campaign finance reform.
Physical fitness is not only one of the most important keys to a healthy body, it is the basis of dynamic and creative intellectual activity.
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading. I will rather say more necessary because health is worth more than learning.
Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very fast.
Our growing softness, our increasing lack of physical fitness, is a menace to our security.
The first wealth is health.
He who has health, has hope and he who has hope, has everything.
Exercise to stimulate, not to annihilate. The world wasn't formed in a day, and neither were we. Set small goals and build upon them.
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance.
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.
If we could give every individual the right amount of nourishment and exercise, not too little and not too much, we would have found the safest way to health.
A vigorous five-mile walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine and psychology in the world.
Jogging is very beneficial. It's good for your legs and your feet. It's also very good for the ground. If makes it feel needed.
If a man achieves victory over this body, who in the world can exercise power over him? He who rules himself rules over the whole world.
Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe. The greatest gift we have is the gift of life. We understand that. That comes from our Creator. We're given a body. Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized.
The first time I see a jogger smiling, I'll consider it.
The human body is the best picture of the human soul.
Exercise is labor without weariness.
Regularity in the hours of rising and retiring, perseverance in exercise, adaptation of dress to the variations of climate, simple and nutritious aliment, and temperance in all things are necessary branches of the regimen of health.
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning.
I do yoga, I do Bikram and I run, and I eat really healthy.
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it.
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.
Fitness needs to be perceived as fun and games or we subconsciously avoid it.
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet.
Practice puts brains in your muscles.
Quit worrying about your health. It will go away.
A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket.
Find fitness with fun dancing. It is fun and makes you forget about the dreaded exercise.
Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced.
Swimming is normal for me. I'm relaxed. I'm comfortable, and I know my surroundings. It's my home.
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all.
I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks. This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes.
I have been through various fitness regimes. I used to run about five miles a day and I did aerobics for a while.
Exercise is done against one's wishes and maintained only because the alternative is worse.
Muscles come and go flab lasts.
It's very important to have the right clothing to exercise in. If you throw on an old T-shirt or sweats, it's not inspiring for your workout.
I think it's more important to be fit so that you can be healthy and enjoy activities than it is to have a good body.
Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart.
Never hurry. Take plenty of exercise. Always be cheerful. Take all the sleep you need. You may expect to be well.
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow.
I would rather exercise than read a newspaper.
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy.
A muscle is like a car. If you want it to run well early in the morning, you have to warm it up.
Exercise is the chief source of improvement in our faculties.
Personally, I need a high level of physical fitness in order to feel at ease.
Don't get me wrong, I think bikes are terrific. I own several of my own, including a trendy mountain style, and ride them for pleasure and light exercise.
Investing in health will produce enormous benefits.
My bottom is so big it's got its own gravitational field.
Happiness lies first of all in health.
A year ago I had a back injury and followed a good nutrition program to help speed up my recovery. I focused on exercise and staying healthy in order to get back out on the ice.
I don't smoke, don't drink much, and go to the gym five times a week. I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great. I can run a marathon, you know.
You gotta have a body.
I think if you exercise, your state of mind - my state of mind - is usually more at ease, ready for more mental challenges. Once I get the physical stuff out of the way it always seems like I have more calmness and better self-esteem.
You must also give mental and physical fitness priority.
It's challenging, but you have to at least try to eat right and exercise.
So I've broadened the fitness concept to make it one of moderation and balance.
In the midst of these hard times it is our good health and good sleep that are enjoyable.
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health.
I'm French, so I'm quite lazy about exercising, and I smoke. But I do love going for a run in the morning with my dog. That's all.
When I do get time, I like to hike and I take lots of vitamins and powders to keep healthy.
It's been a long road back to health and fitness for me. I am just glad to have been given the opportunity to do what I love most.
True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body the two are ever united.
Once in a while I'll get moved to do some exercise. It's something I long for but the biggest problem is bending down and putting my tennis shoes on. Once I go out I'm OK.
I didn't have the same fitness or ability as the other girls, so I had to beat them with my mind.
One of the things I've always enjoyed is moving around and staying fit. Physicality is such a big part of being an actor, but it's also about stillness and silence.
Clearly, society has a tremendous stake in insisting on a woman's natural fitness for the career of mother: the alternatives are all too expensive.
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise.
It's not about weight, it's about fitness, and one component of being fit is to have relatively low body fat, because fat is not very efficient, whereas muscle is.
The only weights I lift are my dogs.
Training is such a vital part of preparation for a game, you really do train to play. It tops up your ability, like sharpening a carving knife. You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness.
I love to swim for miles I could just go back and forth.
The groundwork of all happiness is health.
I like exercise. I like a healthy body.
You need to eat normally and healthfully, and you need to exercise. I'm so passionate about this because I think people spend their lives not happy in their bodies.
I'm still very professional about my fitness. I stay in trim as I always did.
In terms of fitness and battling through cancer, exercise helps you stay strong physically and mentally.
And you know, the baby boomers are getting older, and those off the rack clothes are just not fitting right any longer, and so, tailor-made suits are coming back into fashion.
Like most people I can be lazy, so it's nice to have a goal or deadline or reason to work out. I feel better when I get to exercise, or when I'm outdoors. I like to hike, swim and run, and I love to play soccer.
For exercise, I now run with my chocolate Lab puppy, Oscar.
I concentrate on exercises from the waist down, since that is the laziest part of a woman's body.
I love Nautilus and stretching. The results are immediate, and that gives me the motivation to continue.
Parentage is a very important profession, but no test of fitness for it is ever imposed in the interest of the children.
For whatever reason, maybe it's because of my story, but people associate Livestrong with exercise and physical fitness, health and lifestyle choices like that.
Obviously, I come from one background, and the people that design fitness equipment have been doing it for years and years, and they know what works and doesn't work.
If I don't feel confident about my body, I'm not going to sit at home and feel sorry for myself and not do something about it. It's all about taking action and not being lazy. So you do the work, whether it's fitness or whatever. It's about getting up, motivating yourself and just doing it.
No one's ever achieved financial fitness with a January resolution that's abandoned by February.
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such. All leaders whose fitness is questioned are clearly lacking in force.
My weight fluctuates depending on my mood and my current devotion to my fitness routine.
At the start of his second term, one wonders less about Obama's fitness than his willingness: Why doesn't he do more to build and maintain the relationships required to govern in era of polarization?
As a father, my first priority is to help my sons set and attain personal goals so they will develop self-confidence and individual strength. Engaging in regular fitness activities with my children helps me fulfill those responsibilities.
I think fitness is important. I think a healthy lifestyle is important. I think putting positive energy out there is important and just staying connected with the people.
I suffer panic attacks which has made me really conscious about my fitness and I have become addicted to jogging. It might sound odd but a lot of good has come out of it. My fans send letters saying they have taken up jogging because I do it.
I'm doing four hours of gymnastics training a day, six days a week and then an extra two to three hours in a fitness center as well.
We talk a lot on 'Biggest Loser' about how fitness is a natural antidepressant, how it burns off stress. What I like about running is that it gives me time alone. I'm always busy, with people at work, with my kids. I love getting out for a run by myself and just listening to my music.
Fitness is a luxury when you are busy!
I can jog, but I can't run. That's hard for me. I like the fact that I can jog for fitness, but to me there's a huge difference between jogging and running.
Teaching kids about health and fitness is important to me. It's about being fit for life.
A life coach does for the rest of your life what a personal trainer does for your health and fitness.
Our children are obese, either have or being threatened by diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and not socially adjusting properly to others because of a lack of fitness.
Oh, and once, when I was in the Marines, I got a perfect score on my physical fitness test.
Fitness is not an option. It's part of my job.
What's wrong with extreme dieting and hard-core fitness plans is that they don't take into account the rest of your life.
I recommend that people try new stuff or take new fitness classes all the time. It's important to mix up your routine, not only for your body, but also for your mental state.
The public character of every public servant is legitimate subject of discussion, and his fitness or unfitness for office may be fairly canvassed by any person.
Resting for me is fitness training.
I'm not in the best shape, but I want to prove to myself I can do something that seems insurmountable and inspire others by showing them no matter where they are in their fitness goals, they can do it, too.
In the British Special Air Service, combat fitness is all about running.
My fitness trainer's English, my physio's English, some of my friends are English. I don't have a problem with English people at all.
I can't eat whatever I want, definitely not. I'm always controlled because I do a lot of fitness and triathlons, not just Formula One, so I always make sure I eat the right things.
For me, triathlons were something that was down to me and my fitness. Now, I really enjoy the pain in the triathlon of chasing someone down. It's a bit like chasing down Nico Rosberg in the last few laps at Silverstone - it makes you feel alive.
With fitness, I do Bikrams hot yoga. The gym that I have in my building is amazing. I love to do cardio and weights there.
Fitness is a curve. You can be Lance Armstrong, or you can be really out of shape at the opposite end. People enter the curve wherever they are and then they can move up the curve, by better nutrition and better exercise.
I try and maintain a little bit of fitness, man.
As the proud father of two teens and past Chairman to the Presidents Council on Physical Fitness and Sports, I am committed to educating parents and especially young people on ways to live a long, healthy and active life.
I believe it's extremely important to include some other type of fitness activity in your training, so cross training will help you to avoid injury when you are dancing.
I personally love to run outdoor fitness trails. I love the meditative value I get when out alone, challenging myself to run faster and higher.
The spirit of the Olympic movement is great for young people because it teaches them about the training and discipline required to compete. Even if they don't make the teams, they can rededicate their lives to the art of sport, discipline, and physical fitness.
A drunkard in the gutter is just where he ought to be, according to the fitness and tendency of things. Nature has set upon him the process of decline and dissolution by which she removes things which have survived their usefulness.
The goodness of a thing created is the perfection of its fitness for the use which it serves. Now that use is either particular or universal.
People may say I developed an iron will, but what really happened is that I made myself much fitter. I think an iron will is always supported by fitness.
I'm enjoying myself this year and for once I'm not chasing my fitness.
Overall, I think I'm in pretty good shape, but I'm not really someone that is gung-ho or a fitness fanatic.
I've always believed fitness is an entry point to help you build that happier, healthier life. When your health is strong, you're capable of taking risks. You'll feel more confident to ask for the promotion. You'll have more energy to be a better mom. You'll feel more deserving of love.
My mother was a P.E. teacher, and she was kind of a fanatic about fitness and nutrition growing up, so it was ingrained in me at a young age. As I get older, I'm finding out it's not about getting all buffed up and looking good. It's more about staying healthy and flexible.
I have long recognized a link between fitness and mental health and I think we need to encourage young people to take part in sports and team activities because we know it has such positive results.
My experience as a school nurse taught me that we need to make a concerted effort, all of us, to increase physical fitness activity among our children and to encourage all Americans to adopt a healthier diet that includes fruits and vegetables, but there is more.
I feel if I'm healthy and happy, I look good. With a good mixture of fitness and healthy food I always feel great!
My fitness is good. I hope to improve it even further during training.
I have been particularly struck with the overwhelming evidence which is given as to the fitness of the natives of India for high offices and employments.
I do a one-hour workout called Drenched, a cardio-boxing fitness routine, Monday through Friday. There are usually between twenty-five and fifty people there - everyone from stay-at-home moms and professional martial artists to teenagers and seniors. They play great dance music. When I can, I take two classes back-to-back.
Flexibility is crucial to my fitness. Incorporating a good warm-up and cool-down into every session decreases my chances of injury. I use both dynamic and static stretching in my training. I've starting doing a few yoga sessions which incorporates muscle strength and flexibility.
The value and utility of any experiment are determined by the fitness of the material to the purpose for which it is used, and thus in the case before us it cannot be immaterial what plants are subjected to experiment and in what manner such experiment is conducted.
My priority is to turn people - especially kids - on to sports and being active so they don't even have to think about it being good for their health. If people participate for the fun of it, and believe me - it is fun, then fitness programs will be much more successful.
I think a basic level of fitness can help the body cope with all manner of incidents.
I have found a flat on Merseyside and am settling down here. If I can keep playing and get back to full match fitness, I know I have a lot to offer still.
We are involved in youth testing internationally. We want to try to prove without a shadow of a doubt the relationship between physical fitness and health, not just physical fitness and ability to perform.
I'm healthy now. I probably wouldn't say I'm at my best fitness level and I haven't played that much lately, but I'm healthy and that's all that matters.
For years, I always thought it was hilarious that I was this fitness guru, because fitness was just a tool I utilized to help people improve their confidence. For me, it's never been about fitness. It's always been about helping to empower people.
I've published one book before, and now I'm writing a book of essays and stories about life in Tokyo. And I have one book coming out in May in Germany, about fitness.
Guided only by their feeling for symmetry, simplicity, and generality, and an indefinable sense of the fitness of things, creative mathematicians now, as in the past, are inspired by the art of mathematics rather than by any prospect of ultimate usefulness.
For a good workout, I go to At One Fitness in North Hollywood, where my trainer, Jon Allsop, puts me through it all. I like it because it's a small gym and I've known the people for a long time. Jon will have me do cross-training where I'll lift weights, jump rope, throw around a medicine ball and I never get to stop.
There are similarities between business and sport, in the pressures involved and in the fitness aspect too.
Fitness will be a major factor in the first race and I think that will play into the hands of drivers who have been racing recently, rather than people like me who haven't raced properly for a decade. I'am not one of the favourites to start with.
I have always maintained a high level of fitness
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.
Just as the soul fills the body, so God fills the world. Just as the soul bears the body, so God endures the world. Just as the soul sees but is not seen, so God sees but is not seen. Just as the soul feeds the body, so God gives food to the world.
There is no way that writers can be tamed and rendered civilized or even cured. The only solution known to science is to provide the patient with an isolation room, where he can endure the acute stages in private and where food can be poked in to him with a stick.
Your words are my food, your breath my wine. You are everything to me.
Reminds me of my safari in Africa. Somebody forgot the corkscrew and for several days we had to live on nothing but food and water.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
Put your nose into the Bible everyday. It is your spiritual food. And then share it. Make a vow not to be a lukewarm Christian.
I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the day he killed himself.
Innovations that are guided by smallholder farmers, adapted to local circumstances, and sustainable for the economy and environment will be necessary to ensure food security in the future.
We should all grow our own food and do our own waste processing, we really should.
If you're using first-class land for biofuels, then you're competing with the growing of food. And so you're actually spiking food prices by moving energy production into agriculture.
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content.
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.
I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer.
No man will be a sailor who has contrivance enough to get himself into a jail for being in a ship is being in a jail, with the chance of being drowned... a man in a jail has more room, better food, and commonly better company.
Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.
To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people can't eat it.
Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are God. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are God.
I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living.
I tell my students, it's not difficult to identify with somebody like yourself, somebody next door who looks like you. What's more difficult is to identify with someone you don't see, who's very far away, who's a different color, who eats a different kind of food. When you begin to do that then literature is really performing its wonders.
Facts are to the mind what food is to the body.
A city is a place where there is no need to wait for next week to get the answer to a question, to taste the food of any country, to find new voices to listen to and familiar ones to listen to again.
Men do not have to cook their food they do so for symbolic reasons to show they are men and not beasts.
When I get a little money I buy books and if any is left I buy food and clothes.
The first duty of government is to see that people have food, fuel, and clothes. The second, that they have means of moral and intellectual education.
Money is kind of a base subject. Like water, food, air and housing, it affects everything yet for some reason the world of academics thinks it's a subject below their social standing.
The food here is terrible, and the portions are too small.
It is the food which you furnish to your mind that determines the whole character of your life.
Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate.
The class of citizens who provide at once their own food and their own raiment, may be viewed as the most truly independent and happy.
Animals that we eat are raised for food in the most economical way possible, and the serious food producers do it in the most humane way possible. I think anyone who is a carnivore needs to understand that meat does not originally come in these neat little packages.
Music is the fourth great material want, first food, then clothes, then shelter, then music.
We can no more do without spirituality than we can do without food, shelter, or clothing.
I'd like to be rich. I'd like a lot of money to put into my physicals and to buy food for all my friends.
The best way to lose weight is to close your mouth - something very difficult for a politician. Or watch your food - just watch it, don't eat it.
Any healthy man can go without food for two days - but not without poetry.
People love their animals so much so that they put little clothes on them and necklaces and booties and things like that. And if you love your animal, then you should feed them something that's not dangerous for them. There's a lot of poisonous stuff that they're putting in a lot of that food, those by-products.
If we do not permit the earth to produce beauty and joy, it will in the end not produce food, either.
On the Continent people have good food in England people have good table manners.
Agriculture is now a motorized food industry, the same thing in its essence as the production of corpses in the gas chambers and the extermination camps, the same thing as blockades and the reduction of countries to famine, the same thing as the manufacture of hydrogen bombs.
Mankind: A quality of life upgrade is available to each and every one of you. It should give you a quality of life upgrade, which means no drugs, no alcohol, no fast food - unless, of course, it's a mallard.
If I like a food, I'll eat it, even if I know it's not good for me.
Poor, darling fellow - he died of food. He was killed by the dinner table.
Amazing that the human race has taken enough time out from thinking about food or sex to create the arts and sciences.
Wit is the salt of conversation, not the food.
You define a good flight by negatives: you didn't get hijacked, you didn't crash, you didn't throw up, you weren't late, you weren't nauseated by the food. So you are grateful.
I do remember how it was to be poor. I do remember that in my early years, we had to grow and raise all of our food, even our animals. And I remember in my early life, we didn't even have electricity. So it was very, very hard times then.
I say grace. I'm a big believer in grace. I happen to believe in a God that made all the food and so I'm pretty grateful for that and I thank him for that. But I'm also thankful for the people that put the food on the table.
What is food to one man is bitter poison to others.
Baking cookies is comforting, and cookies are the sweetest little bit of comfort food. They are very bite-sized and personal.
We are not hungry... Why foist this food upon us? We don't want to be choked. We have enough.
The worst food you'll ever eat will probably be prepared by a 'cook' who calls himself a 'chef.' Mark my words.
If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home.
I have always said there is only one thing that can bring our nation down - our dependence on foreign countries for food and energy. Agriculture is the backbone of our economy.
I was always a junk food person, still am.
I've always liked Atlanta. And not just for the strip clubs, but the shopping and the food.
Christmas is more stressful with present buying and making sure everyone gets included, but Thanksgiving is really not that. I don't ever really get stressed out about the food.
I know it's not cat food, but what exactly is it that they put inside of tinned ravioli?
The problem is when that fun stuff becomes the habit. And I think that's what's happened in our culture. Fast food has become the everyday meal.
President Obama is the most successful food stamp president in American history. I would like to be the most successful paycheck president in American history.
For the Nugent family, fast food is a running herbivore.
Let me be the first to tell you, drinking alcohol is the worst thing to do in cold weather. Hot soup is the best because the process of digesting food helps to warm you up.
The passion of the Italian or the Italian-American population is endless for food and lore and everything about it.
I'm working harder than ever now, and I'm putting on my pants the same as I always have. I just get up every day and try to do a little better than the day before, and that is to run a great restaurant with great food, great wine, and great service. That's my philosophy.
I was raised by a single mother who made a way for me. She used to scrub floors as a domestic worker, put a cleaning rag in her pocketbook and ride the subways in Brooklyn so I would have food on the table. But she taught me as I walked her to the subway that life is about not where you start, but where you're going. That's family values.
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest.
The secret of food lies in memory - of thinking and then knowing what the taste of cinnamon or steak is.
I've often said that the most important thing you can give your children is wings. Because, you're not gonna always be able to bring food to the nest. You're... sometimes... they're gonna have to be able to fly by themselves.
What the mass media offers is not popular art, but entertainment which is intended to be consumed like food, forgotten, and replaced by a new dish.
My three addictions of choice are food, love and work.
If I don't get food in my mouth, I'm still happy. If my pants are round my ankles, as long as I don't get arrested for indecent exposure, I'm happy. I'm worried about keeping my hair, not how it's combed.
In a drama of the highest order there is little food for censure or hatred it teaches rather self-knowledge and self-respect.
Obscenity, which is ever blasphemy against the divine beauty in life, is a monster for which the corruption of society forever brings forth new food, which it devours in secret.
I have never denied my background or my culture. I have taught my child to embrace her Mexican heritage, to love my first language, Spanish, to learn about Mexican history, music, folk art, food, and even the Mexican candy I grew up with.
So, what's it like in the real world? Well, the food is better, but beyond that, I don't recommend it.
Health food makes me sick.
I remember once I read a book on mental illness and there was a nurse that had gotten sick. Do you know what she died from? From worrying about the mental patients not being able to get their food. She became a mental patient.
Revenge is barren of itself: it is the dreadful food it feeds on its delight is murder, and its end is despair.
I offer neither pay, nor quarters, nor food I offer only hunger, thirst, forced marches, battles and death. Let him who loves his country with his heart, and not merely with his lips, follow me.
I love dogs. They live in the moment and don't care about anything except affection and food. They're loyal and happy. Humans are just too damn complicated.
If I agree to dispose of any part of our land to the white people I would feel guilty of taking food away from our children's mouths, and I do not wish to be that mean.
Food tells you everything about the way people live and who they are.
I first got involved with ending world hunger, and I got hip to the facts about it - what a huge problem it was and how it wasn't a matter of not having food or not knowing how to end it, but it was a matter of creating the political will.
I love inventive food, but I want the classic dishes to taste like how I remember them. I get a little bummed out when there is too much fancy stuff going on and it doesn't resemble the original dish at all.
It's not difficult for me to stay healthy. I like healthy food.
My inspiration was my mom. She's a great cook, and she still cooks, and we still banter back and forth about cooking. Growing up in a mostly Portuguese community, food was important and the family table was extremely important. At a very young age I understood that.
I don't think there's going to be a day when I don't think about food or my body, but I'm living with it, and I wish I could tell young girls to find their safe place and stay with it.
The fact that food plays such an important part in my films has everything to do with my family.
If your mother cooks Italian food, why should you go to a restaurant?
We take food for granted, but it isn't a luxury for many people.
If I'm a lush at anything, it's food and drink. I'm not materialistic in any way, but I value food.
My gosh, I love food. If I wasn't an actor, I could be a completely different body shape right now.
To this day, I am the least materialistic person I know, because my father didn't raise me to just go out and buy this or that car. The only reason I wanted to make money as an actor was because I'm passionate about food!
I love food, all types of food. I love Korean food, Japanese, Italian, French. In Australia, we don't have a distinctive Australian food, so we have food from everywhere all around the world. We're very multicultural, so we grew up with lots of different types of food.
Well, I have a lot of food references in my work.
Quarreling over food and drink, having neither scruples nor shame, not knowing right from wrong, not trying to avoid death or injury, not fearful of greater strength or of greater numbers, greedily aware only of food and drink - such is the bravery of the dog and boar.
Ever since Eve started it all by offering Adam the apple, woman's punishment has been to supply a man with food then suffer the consequences when it disagrees with him.
We must pay greater attention to keeping our bodies and minds healthy and able to heal. Yet we are making it difficult for our defences to work. We allow things to be sold that should not be called food. Many have no nutritive value and lead to obesity, salt imbalance, and allergies.
When I go on Japanese Airlines, I really love it because I like Japanese food.
I've been all over the world. I love New York, I love Paris, San Francisco, so many places. But there's no place like New Orleans. It's got the best food. It's got the best music. It's got the best people. It's got the most fun stuff to do.
I hate the way they portray us in the media. If you see a black family it says they're looting, if you see a white family it says they're looking for food.
When I got to France I realized I didn't know very much about food at all. I'd never had a real cake. I'd had those cakes from cake mixes or the ones that have a lot of baking powder in them. A really good French cake doesn't have anything like that in it - it's all egg power.
The lunch in a normal American restaurant is very problematic for me. I don't like to have hot food for lunch.
I was eating bad stuff. Lots of sugar and carbs, junk food all the time. It makes you very irritated.
Well, we lost a lot of our independence already. We are dependent on China for credit. We are dependent on Middle Eastern countries for energy supplies. And many Americans are dependent on the government for their income, health care, education of their children, food stamps.
The vast amount of waste and sheer stupidity in government - from the Pentagon to the Food and Drug Administration - could fill committee agendas for years.
I do not knowingly kill any living thing - including insects or rodents - and I thank my food for sustaining me.
I think one of the terrible things today is that people have this deathly fear of food: fear of eggs, say, or fear of butter. Most doctors feel that you can have a little bit of everything.
I need my food to keep my energy up, so I can't really diet.
If you don't want women to do whatever they need to do then you must provide them with food, you must provide them with shelter and their basic human rights.
When two kids are being completely berserk, and they're naked and throwing food around, sometimes I just let it go because I can see a future where they're going to be dressed, and they're going to be at school. So I kind of let stuff go sometimes.
Cats are very independent animals. They're very sexy, if you want. Dogs are different. They're familiar. They're obedient. You call a cat, you go, 'Cat, come here.' He doesn't come to you unless you have something in your hand that he thinks might be food. They're very free animals, and I like that.
Cats have a scam going - you buy the food, they eat the food, they go away that's the deal.
I've been to therapists my whole life. I find the less attention I pay to food, the healthier I am. Any obsession is dangerous. And a whole country that's obsessed with one thing, unless it's, like, jeans, it's very dangerous. Everyone's obsessed right now with carbohydrates in this country. It's ridiculous.
Make food a very incidental part of your life by filling your life so full of meaningful things that you'll hardly have time to think about food.
My grandfather's family used to own a pasta factory in Naples and they would go door-to-door selling their pasta. So his love of food came from his parents, which was then passed down to my mother and then again to me.
I love places that have an incredible history. I love the Italian way of life. I love the food. I love the people. I love the attitudes of Italians.
The highlight of my childhood was making my brother laugh so hard that food came out of his nose.
At the New York Athletic Club they serve amazing food. People go there, get healthy, and then eat themselves to death - which is, I suppose, the right way to do it.
It has never made any sense to argue that, unique among the people of the world, Arabs are more concerned on a day-to-day basis about the treatment of people they don't know than they are about how they're going to put food on their own tables, or whether their sons will ever find a job.
Most people are satisfied with the junk food being sold as music.
Short cycle business are being impacted by credit, and are being impacted by gasoline prices, food, distribution businesses, chemical business.
You're raising a kid and you give it food and shelter and, most importantly, you give it the feeling that it's special. I think people react to celebrities like that - I mean, they treat celebrities like children.
I just spend my money on the essentials. Just basically food and shelter.
When I tour, I stuff fridges full of organic food and stick to that.
Everything in food is science. The only subjective part is when you eat it.
The kitchen's a laboratory, and everything that happens there has to do with science. It's biology, chemistry, physics. Yes, there's history. Yes, there's artistry. Yes, to all of that. But what happened there, what actually happens to the food is all science.
If I can wake up everyday before I die and know that I don't have to serve anyone food or drinks, I will be happy!
I am thankful I was born in America, although if I gain any more weight the burqa thing may start to seem like a good idea to me. See? Another plus about America, you can always find some food.
I'm girlie in the sense that I like makeup, but I also love sports and man food.
As we say in the American Institute of Wine and Food, small helpings, no seconds. A little bit of everything. No snacking. And have a good time.
Restore human legs as a means of travel. Pedestrians rely on food for fuel and need no special parking facilities.
I like being able to walk into an old town and find good local food.
You go to a show, and there's no food at all, so if you're doing shows back to back, you can forget eating. I remember standing up in the bath one day, and there was a mirror in front of me, and I was so thin! I hated it. I never liked being that skinny.
I'm too lazy and I like food and I like my free time too much to spend it working out!
Quantity in food is more to be regarded than quality. A full meal is a great enemy both to study and industry.
I find the less attention I pay to food, the healthier I am.
Metaphysics is a restaurant where they give you a thirty thousand page menu, and no food.
If you see a black family, it's looting, but if it's a white family they are looking for food.
Food brings people together on many different levels. It's nourishment of the soul and body it's truly love.
We were raised in an Italian-American household, although we didn't speak Italian in the house. We were very proud of being Italian, and had Italian music, ate Italian food.
Families are struggling against a tide of junk information on junk food.
When fast food is not a treat but a dietary staple, the children surf the internet all day in dark corners of the room and are bombarded with latest gadgets. Things replace parental standards.
Start with a clean grill. Keep it clean by brushing with a wire brush after preheating, and again after cooking. Make sure to oil your grates and your food before putting it on the grill to keep it from sticking.
I will come up with a project that will wipe out poverty in the Philippines in two years. I want to remove the people from economic crisis by using the Marcos wealth. Long after I'm gone, people will remember me for building them homes and roads and hospitals and giving them food.
I can't stay away from Chinese food. I really love that stuff.
I like to cook Puerto Rican food. That's what I grew up on: rice, beans, meat, some Italian-American food. I know my way around the kitchen.
In most of the world, it is accepted that if animals are to be killed for food, they should be killed without suffering.
Well, it's very easy for me to gain weight, but even though I tried not eating for a week when I was really young, I couldn't do it any longer because I liked my food too much.
Instead of going out to dinner, buy good food. Cooking at home shows such affection. In a bad economy, it's more important to make yourself feel good.
In fact, in many ways my mother was quite hippy-dippy, serving macrobiotic food and reading 'Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance.'
Some argue that now isn't the time to push the green agenda - that all efforts should be on preventing a serious recession. That is a false choice. It fails to recognise that climate change and our carbon reliance is part of problem - high fuel prices and food shortages due to poor crop yields compound today's financial difficulties.
Justice requires that everyone should have enough to eat. But it also requires that everyone should contribute to the production of food.
My contribution I hope is to get people to eat full-flavored food. If I could come away with that alone, that would be a fantastic accomplishment. I'm also very proud of being a very American chef.
At one point I had to shove as much food in my body as possible to pack on calories. My trainer wanted me to do six meals a day and not go two hours without eating. If I would cheat on eating one day, I could tell - I'd drop a few pounds.
I know lots and lots and lots of vegetarians who think it's perfectly all right to kill animals for food to eat, but don't do it because they think all the ways in which it's done are wrong.
There's never been a culture that wasn't obsessed with food. The sort of sad thing is that our obsession is no longer with food, but with the price of food.
Food is not rational. Food is culture, habit, craving and identity.
Food is not just what we put in our mouths to fill up it is culture and identity. Reason plays some role in our decisions about food, but it's rarely driving the car.
I first became a vegetarian when I was nine, in response to an argument made by a radical babysitter. My great change - which lasted a couple of weeks - was based on the very simple instinct that it's wrong to kill animals for food.
To a historian libraries are food, shelter, and even muse.
I love food.
Global trade has advantages. For starters, it allows those of us who live through winter to eat fresh produce year-round. And it provides economic benefits to farmers who grow that food.
Junk food drags you down.
A house is no home unless it contain food and fire for the mind as well as for the body.
Used to be, conservatives revered the Average American, that Norman Rockwell oil painting of diner food, humble faith, honest toil, and Capraesque virtue.
Fast food is hugely important in the life of a comedy writer. All we do is order in, and what we're going to eat is hotly debated.
One way to find food for thought is to use the fork in the road, the bifurcation that marks the place of emergence in which a new line of development begins to branch off.
The food isn't too bad. It's very different from the food that the astronauts ate in the very early days of the space program.
Listen - of course money changes everything, but so does sunlight, and so does food: These are powerful but neutral energy sources, neither inherently good nor evil but shaped only by the way we use them.
I guess I feel that I was following my instincts, and at the same time being guided by the best. I became totally intrigued with Louisiana - the people, the food. It is a part of my life. Everything that has happened for me since moving here has just been icing on the cake.
Music is one of those things that is constantly going in my head all the time. It's sort of like the evolution and creation of doing food, or my philosophy about wine. It's always beating in my head, so it keeps the spirit moving.
I came here because the city has a tradition and is a very respected food city.
I've always done food that can work in a set time frame. The message I'm trying to get across is, it doesn't have to take three days to do this. With planning, you can do a lot and really have quality food every day.
If somebody has a chance to put my food in their mouth, that tells the story.
My Food Network shows, 'Emeril Live' and 'Essence of Emeril,' are not in production right now, but I wouldn't say that I'm necessarily leaving Food Network. I have a lot of television still in me. I enjoy teaching people, so it's just a matter of time before I do something new.
Being a food show and being me, I always kicked it up a notch, which means I would always elevate the spice level or the complexity of a particular dish. So, it was always like we're going to kick this up a little bit.
My food is Louisiana, New Orleans-based, well-seasoned, rustic. I think it's pretty unique because of my background being influenced by my mom, Portuguese and French Canadian. There's a lot going on there.
Though I love the luxury of the Waldorf Towers, room service there doesn't do soul food.
Freedom must be gained step by step, slowly. Freedom is a food which must be carefully administered when people are too hungry for it.
I'm the person who wouldn't send back my food even if I got steak when I'd ordered fish.
Love food and I love to eat.
Everybody has a weakness. Mine is food.
A lot of food shows need only to tempt. Some food shows only need to inspire, to empower. And there are a lot of shows that do that.
What I've learned is I want to enjoy my life, and food is a big part of it.
Research has shown that even small amounts of processed food alter the chemical balance in our brain and cause negative mood swings along with noticeable dips ill energy.
I'm a home cook and love to read about food, but I'm not trained as a chef. I'm just really into cooking and passionate about it.
Australia is so cool that it's hard to even know where to start describing it. The beaches are beautiful so is the weather. Not too crowded. Great food, great music, really nice people. It must be a lot like Los Angeles was many years ago.
I think people are smart enough to sort it out. They know when they're watching one of these food fight shows where journalists sit around and yell and scream at each other, versus serious issue reporting.
Working at the Food Bank with my kids is an eye-opener. The face of hunger isn't the bum on the street drinking Sterno it's the working poor. They don't look any different, they don't behave any differently, they're not really any less educated. They are incredibly less privileged, and that's it.
To be interested in food but not in food production is clearly absurd.
There's not one food that causes diabetes.What causes Type II diabetes is being overweight... I've just come to grips, over the past four or five months, with my diabetes.
I don't want to spend my life not having good food going into my pie hole. That hole was made for pies.
I will never use a substitute for butter. Margarine is one molecule away from eating plastic. If I'm going to eat that type of food, it's going to be the real deal.
I thought, you know the food and the diet thing is one way to start yourself onto a healthy lifestyle, but if you don't move, if you don't start exercising you're gonna deteriorate.
Habaneros have a great fruity flavor, but the challenge is that you have to deflect the heat in order to taste the flavor. If you don't, you're dead. They should really have a warning sign on them. Deflect the habanero's heat by pairing it with sweet food.
I like food, like any other guy, but it is not the main thing in my life. I can do without it.
There are realities we all share, regardless of our nationality, language, or individual tastes. As we need food, so do we need emotional nourishment: love, kindness, appreciation, and support from others.
Food prices are often kept artificially high. The result is that the Millennium Development Goals set out by the United Nations at the start of the new millennium are not being reached. Fine words have not yet been turned into deeds.
Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement, is the holy of holies of Jewish time. It is that rarest of phenomena, a Jewish festival without food. Instead it is a day of fasting and prayer, introspection and self-judgment when, collectively and repeatedly, we confess our sins and pray to be written into God's Book of Life.
I'm into mellow dates with really good food.
I like to know exactly what's being put into my food.
There's so much importance in honoring your everyday hero. It doesn't take money. It doesn't take connections. What matters is that people get involved. Whether your passion is gun control or food or whatever it may be, everybody needs to stop being so self-absorbed.
My goal is to make Italian food clean and accessible and beautiful and tasty, with simple ingredients that people can find at a local grocery store, because people don't want to go to a gourmet shop in search of items that will sit in their pantry for years after they use just a teaspoon or pinch of them.
I think you can tell the food is close to my heart, too, because I'm doing what I do best.
Attitudes toward food have completely changed.
My grandfather gave me inspiration to cook, and love food and flavors. My Aunt Raffie, gave me creativity and the inspiration to create new things. My mother inspires me to find simplicity in food.
There's nothing like a home-cooked meal - nothing! When people ask me what the best restaurant in L.A. is, I say, 'Uh, my house.' It's more intimate. Food can connect people in a forever sort of way.
I'm into very colorful food. Obviously lots of flavor, but I think we eat with our eyes first, so it has to look great. The presentation has to be great.
In Kenya women are the first victims of environmental degradation, because they are the ones who walk for hours looking for water, who fetch firewood, who provide food for their families.
Food is a coping mechanism people are afraid of giving it up because then they'll feel confused and lost.
I love South American food, and I haven't really been down there. I really need a vacation.
The lack of access to proper nutrition is not only fueling obesity, it is leading to food insecurity and hunger among our children.
I can spend hours in a grocery store. I get so excited when I see food, I go crazy. I spend hours arranging my baskets so that everything fits in and nothing gets squashed. I'm really anal about it, actually.
My mom was on welfare and the occasional food stamp, but I have never participated in any of those governmental programs, even the ones that kind of work like education, scholarships and whatever, and I managed to do just fine.
I cook a little bit. I make a Hungarian dish called chicken paprikash that's out of this world. I'll give a heads-up to all of your readers that it doesn't have to be between Thai and Mexican every night. Toss some Hungarian in every once in a while. You will not be sorry. Good, solid peasant food.
I hid myself in food.
But I don't begrudge anybody, because I know how hard it is to have that dream and to make it happen, whether or not it's just to put a roof over your head and food on the table.
I always made my food congenial to my constitution, and my health was always excellent.
I learned very early that our health is always impaired by some excess either of food or abstinence, and I never had any physician except myself.
Never be a food snob. Learn from everyone you meet - the fish guy at your market, the lady at the local diner, farmers, cheese makers. Ask questions, try everything and eat up!
It's fantastic to strive towards a nice life where you eat nice organic food and your children go to a nice school and you can afford nice clothes and nice perfume and the hypoallergenic make-up. But there's never a day goes by, and I mean this from the bottom of my heart, that I don't think about where I'm from.
I'm trying to cut down a little on eating, on sodium, keep my blood pressure down, which is tough. Because I love food! I do, but it's unfair how everything that's bad for you tastes so good, and all the good stuff, veggies and green things, doesn't match up.
I am not a great cook, I am not a great artist, but I love art, and I love food, so I am the perfect traveller.
Most small business owners are not particularly sophisticated business people. That's not a criticism they're passionate about cutting hair or cooking food, and that's why they got in the business, not because they have an MBA.
I think one thing that kids who grow up on farms really have going for them is they have exposure to death and birth in a totally different way. I think it takes away a little bit of the mystery and a little bit of the fear, and I do wish I had that. And I wish I was able to grow my own food.
Becoming food savvy is one thing, but it's amazing how fast savvy turns to snooty, and snooty leaves you preparing three-hour meals that break your budget and that the kids won't even eat.
As the earth spins through space, a view from above the North Pole would encompass most of the wealth of the world - most of its food, productive machines, doctors, engineers and teachers. A view from the opposite pole would encompass most of the world's poor.
Our children's health and well-being are dependent on our commitment to promoting food access and good eating habits at home, at school and in the community.
The Middle East is ailing. The malady stems from pervasive violence, shortages of food, water and educational opportunities, discrimination against women and - the most virulent cause of all - the absence of freedom.
If food is poetry, is not poetry also food?
I was always on the go, and thought I was too busy to develop something like this. I thought at the time that diabetes went along with bad habits, but I was the last one in my family to eat junk food.
Food has always brought me comfort and the bingeing is triggered when I'm in a space that is not positive.
I kept thinking, 'Somebody has to make a food show that is actually educational and entertaining at the same time... a show that got down to the 'why things happen.' Plus, I hated my job - I didn't think it was very worthwhile.
You don't want flame to hit your food. Flame is bad. Flame does nasty things to food. It makes soot and it makes deposits of various chemicals that are not too good for us. The last thing you really want to see licking at your food while it's on a grill is an actual flame.
I spent a college semester in a small town in Italy - and that is where I truly tasted food for the first time.
You know most of the food that Americans hold so dear - things like hamburgers and hot dogs - were road food, but even before they were road food, they were peasant food.
I'm a filmmaker who decided to go to culinary school. All I picked up was the fact if I didn't understand what was going on with every single ingredient, I could be qualifying for, like, the lunch food job at my daughter's school.
I am a filmmaker. That is all I've ever been. You know, Martin Scorsese makes films about the mob. And I make movies about food.
Do not allow watching food to replace making food.
Keep it simple in the kitchen. If you use quality ingredients, you don't need anything fancy to make food delicious: just a knife, a cutting board, and some good nonstick cookware, and you're set.
I hate menus, I hate choosing food. I just want to be brought. Bring me dinner!
Food - I love nuts. I eat them all the time, they're easy to carry around, and I am never hungry all day long.
Most food you drop is still perfectly edible. If it was in your eyesight the whole time, you can pick it up and eat it.
There are a lot of food Nazis in the U.S., but I believe if you can show people what's really important, they'll judge the rest for themselves.
Food is no longer sacred to us: in becoming too efficient we've changed its nature.
I think wine is such a big universe that it's kind of like food - it's intimidating to a lot of people, myself included.
People always comment about my clothes. They don't think a fashionable woman can love food and be knowledgeable and actually cook.
Without food, man can live at most but a few weeks without it, all other components of social justice are meaningless.
I went in saying I wanted to be the food guy.
Jay Leno is not a guy who likes change. He eats the same food every day.
You know the great irony is that people think you have to have money to enjoy fine food, which is a shame.
When I come home from a shoot, I'd rather reheat food I've made than eat takeout.
I've always hoped 'Chopped' would telegraph our enormous affection and love and admiration for chefs and food, but at the same time, we are inflicting extraordinary cruelty on them.
In recent years, I've been writing because I'm fortunate enough to work in the world of food television, to travel and taste and learn about cooking from the best chefs in the business.
I think what I do differently from a lot of TV chefs is that I break down barriers and make fine food more accessible to the regular person, who might be intimidated. I try hard, particularly with wine, to make it not intimidating. It's sort of a teaching job.
The interesting thing is, while we die of diseases of affluence from eating all these fatty meats, our poor brethren in the developing world die of diseases of poverty, because the land is not used now to grow food grain for their families.
I love food and I love my curves.
I used to eat because food tastes so good. I love food, it's one of the best things on this planet. But I changed the way I was thinking. I started asking myself, 'Hey, am I eating because it tastes good? Or because I really need some more? Am I really still hungry?'
I don't enjoy good food. I don't enjoy flashy cars. I don't care if I live in a dump. I don't enjoy good clothes. This is the best I've dressed in months.
It's all about who's where on the food chain. When I'm the story editor, I expect my writers to follow my vision. When I'm working for another editor, I'm obliged to follow their vision.
I moved to New York last year and I love it. It's a huge change and I've always wanted to spend time there. It's like a more intense London, and everything's up a few notches. The lights are brighter, the pace is faster and the food's better.
And I think of that again as I've written in several of my beauty books, a lot of health comes from the proper eating habits, which are something that - you know, I come from a generation that wasn't - didn't have a lot of food.
There are pockets of great food in Spain, but there are also pockets of very mediocre food in Spain, and the same in Morocco and the same in Croatia and the same in Germany and the same in Austria.
Finishing food is about the tiny touches. In the last seconds you can change everything.
Everyone makes pesto in a food processor. But the texture is better with a mortar and pestle, and it's just as fast.
As far away as you can get from the process of mechanisms and machinery, the more likely your food's going to taste good. And that - that is probably the largest thing I can hand to anybody is let your hands touch it. Let them make it.
When you cut that eggplant up and you roast it in the oven and you make the tomato sauce and you put it on top, your soul is in that food, and there's something about that that can never be made by a company that has three million employees.
Bologna is the best city in Italy for food and has the least number of tourists. With its medieval beauty, it has it all.
Shop often, shop hard, and spend for the best stuff available - logic dictates that you can make delicious food only with delicious ingredients.
Unlike curing cancer or heart disease, we already know how to beat hunger: food.
I was at a party, and some squiggly looking dude with a bow tie came up and said, 'How'd you like to be on TV?' Turns out he was the programming guy at the Food Network. They had me come into the office, and I did a 'Ready, Set, Cook' with Emeril Lagasse, I believe.
Cookbooks have all become baroque and very predictable. I'm looking for something different. A lot of chefs' cookbooks are food as it's done in the restaurants, but they are dumbed down, and I hate it when they dumb them down.
My last meal? The food would be much less significant than the company.
When I was growing up in Mississippi - it was good Southern food... but I also grew up with a Greek family when other kids were eating fried okra, we were eating steamed artichokes. So I think it played a big part in my healthy cooking.
My Mom always cooked healthy. Greek food lends itself to cooking healthy.
I think the biggest thing is clean as you go. Wash all your knives, cutting boards, dishes, when you are done cooking, not look at a sink full of dishes after you are done. Cleaning as you go helps keep away cross contamination and you avoid having food borne bacteria.
It's fun to pick a cuisine and say I'm going to research Ethiopian food, and see what it's all about. You find that there are a lot of similarities in cuisines from around the world and a lot of similar flavors.
We incorporated new tastes and flavors into our kids' diets from a very early age, which helped to develop their palates and prevented them from becoming picky eaters. We don't buy junk food and give them options of fresh fruit, yogurt, raw almonds, or dried whole grain cereals for snack time.
I would like a food/lifestyle show. We're not sure what that is yet. I want to be able to share what I do and how I raise my family. I feel like I have a story to tell. I enjoy talking and listening, sharing ideas and sharing advice.
Chronic malnutrition, or the lack of proper nutrition over time directly contributes to three times as many child deaths as food scarcity. Yet surprisingly, you don't really hear about this hidden crisis through the morning news, Twitter or headlines of major newspapers.
I think about food all the time. It's my passion it's my profession. But some people think about food all the time because they're hungry. We can put an end to this if we join forces and lend a hand.
I think people are more savvy about cooking, food and dining. I notice they are looking for more value for their money - not in larger portions but more in terms of healthier, fresh, farm-to-table dishes with a nice presentation.
I like to abide by the seasons and let the natural flavor in food speak for itself. I use quick cooking techniques of high heat with very little fat, such as quick saute or wok stir-frying.
I add a lot of citrus to my food and I think that flavors it. And, to me, that what makes it healthier, lower in fat, lower in calories. It adds lots of flavor. Spices, of course. But citrus is definitely kind of my go-to to season and really to really make those flavors, make that food come alive.
Even more importantly, it's wine, food and the arts. Incorporating those three enhances the quality of life.
Don't you have a machine that puts food into the mouth and pushes it down?
When you love food as much as I do, staying healthy is not easy. I mean, moderation, not deprivation. That's my new way of living. I always want more and that's just my life.
I used food as a coping mechanism for many, many years, and it was my best friend for a long time.
Food decisions - do I eat this or not? - are always going to be there.
I always think I am one of the millions and millions of people that struggles with an addiction to food. I don't know how to relax, that's my problem.
My work has also motivated me to put a lot of time into seeking out good food and to spend more money on it.
In addition to contributing to erosion, pollution, food poisoning, and the dead zone, corn requires huge amounts of fossil fuel - it takes a half gallon of fossil fuel to produce a bushel of corn.
I just like food too much, and I don't want to change. I spent so much of childhood trying to change, and I just got sick of it... I don't want to look like Britney Spears, I just don't want to. She's hideous.
Olympia was a town crawling with music. I was new to the whole punk scene. The culture shock continued Olympia had bagels! We didn't have bagels in Arkansas. You could order vegetarian food all over town! It was so crazy to me - a place with so many vegetarians, the restaurants made special dishes for them?
If my daughter wants to get into this business, I would support that decision. She's going to have a hard time not being in it. She loves food and she's around it all the time.
For me, it's all about moderation. I don't kick things out of my diet, like carbs. But I'm not going to eat fast food.
Basically, there are two things we know: Everybody has less time, and the general public is demanding better food - better in terms of quality and better in terms of flavor.
I couldn't relate to kid stuff. 'Jimmy doesn't like me!' Who cares? I was worried we didn't have gas money or food. Those were my concerns.
I don't let it bother me too much if someone doesn't like me. I just figure there's no accounting for taste. It's not me, it's my acting. It's like if someone doesn't like someone's food, they just don't like my acting.
Progress would not have been the rarity it is if the early food had not been the late poison.
There are times, like after a long day of work, when the thought of an easy drive-through is enticing. But then I remember how crappy I felt when I ate fast food in the past, and it inspires me to head to the grocery store or my local farmer's market and whip up an easy but healthier option.
I have encouraged my kids to eat well from day one. I add flavor - herbs and spices - to everything because I don't want them getting used to starchy, bland food. I also want them to experiment - they don't have to love everything, but they do have to try it.
I try to eat in a way that makes me feel good. If that means a little bite of chocolate I do that, but I try not to use food as a reward for myself.
If there is to be any hope of prosperity for this country it is by reversing that policy which made us simply the kitchen garden for supplying the British with cheap food.
Eating when you're not hungry and taking in that amount of food is exhausting.
Just because the Americans are so good at rattling out accessible and cheap junk food, nobody looks twice when it comes to their food. But there are golden nuggets everywhere.
He looked about as inconspicuous as a tarantula on a slice of angel food.
I'm lucky because my dad taught me to be frugal and save. And that's important because I want to know that I don't have to take an acting job for two or three years if I don't want to and that I'll still be able to make my house and car payments and buy food for my dogs.
I've worked on films where the budgets are almost limitless and you're in trailers that are bigger than a hotel room. You're taken care of and the food is amazing, the quality of the job is amazing and then you work on smaller things but it never dictates my happiness or my willingness to go to work.
I am your fairy tale. Your dream. Your wishes and desires, and I am your thirst and your hunger and your food and your drink.
The music I do is food... that will be your dinner.
A society that thinks the choice between ways of living is just a choice between equally eligible 'lifestyles' turns universities into academic cafeterias offering junk food for the mind.
I love to cook so much. I like to cook everything. I really like to eat my food.
No matter where I've been overseas, the food stinks, except in Italy.
I love food, I love eating.
I don't have a dime left. I am dependent on my friends for food and a small old-age pension.
Well, food's always the way to anybody's heart, I think, guy or girl.
People need dreams, there's as much nourishment in 'em as food.
People come up to me all the time and say, 'Oh, I love to watch Food Network,' and I ask them what they cook, and they say, 'I don't really cook.' They're afraid, they're intimidated, they know all about food from eating out and watching TV, but they don't know where to start in their own kitchen.
Local and regional food systems are about opportunity.
The food pyramid is very complicated. It doesn't give you as much info in a quick glance as the plate does.
You know, rural Americans are a special people. Their labor puts food on our table and fuel in our gas tanks. Their service in our military sets a powerful example of leadership, honor and sacrifice. Their spirit of community inspires us all.
Food during my early years was a very difficult issue for me. I grew up in an addictive family. My mother had serious problems with alcohol and prescription drugs. I was an overweight kid. I can remember back in those days there weren't the strategies that there are today to deal with those issues.
Food is a fairly significant aspect of my life. I have struggled mightily with food. With my weight. And I'm conscious of it. So I have a sensitivity to people who struggle with their weight.
If you think of what food is, it's the energy we use to do our daily work. I want people to know about the USDA. This is a very important department. It's not fully appreciated as such.
You know how you wake up in the morning and sometimes you look gorgeous and other times you look like you got hit by a mack truck? I realized that my mack truck is food. If I have no sugar, yeast or wine, I have no undereye bags and my skin is perfect.
As long as there's pasta and Chinese food in the world, I'm okay.
All artists are people of growth. It's like food, you take the good and leave the rest.
Compassion is a call, a demand of nature, to relieve the unhappy as hunger is a natural call for food.
My feeling is that labels are for canned food... I am what I am - and I know what I am.
I love home cooking, and I'm not a great one for fast food.
When I'm filming, survival requires movement. You need your energy, and you've got to eat the bad stuff, and survival food is rarely pretty, but you kind of do it. I get in that zone, and I eat the nasty stuff, but I'm not like that when I'm back home.
Jackie Chan is a very good comedy/martial arts star. He does one kind of martial arts that Jet Li doesn't know how to do and Jet Li does a martial art that Jackie Chan doesn't know how to do. You can both go to two Chinese restaurants, but both can have different kinds of food.
I only like food without color, like potatoes, bread, and pasta.
Stuffing is my favorite food in the world! I actually have been known to go buy stuffing and make it in the middle of summer.
Food is for eating, and good food is to be enjoyed... I think food is, actually, very beautiful in itself.
When you're out grocery shopping for your family, maybe you can put a can of cat or dog food in your cart and bring it to an animal relief center.
I don't categorize food as bad or a guilty pleasure.
The magazine, the daytime show, we've always tried to write affordable, accessible. Those are key words for us, and I do mean us, a huge staff of people at the magazine who love to cook affordable, friendly food that helps families eat better for less.
You know, food is such - it's a hug for people.
My husband cooks fancier food for himself than I've ever cooked on-air. I call him from the road, and he's making champagne-vanilla salmon or black-cherry pork chop. Half of me is feeling unworthy. Not only am I not a chef, I'm not a better cook than my own husband!
It only looks like I get to eat a lot of food on TV. I really just get the one bite and the crew and guests eat everything else.
Good food and a warm kitchen are what makes a house a home. I always tried to make my home like my mother's, because Mom was magnificent at stretching a buck when it came to decorating and food. Like a true Italian, she valued beautification in every area of her life, and I try to do the same.
I would say, stay the hell away from the party scene. Anything you put in front of your goal, and especially something like that, whether it's too much gambling, too much food, too much cold beers on the weekend - anything that you put in front of the prize is going to end up getting in the way and hurting you in the end.
A human being has been given an intellect to make choices, and we know there are other food sources that do not require the killing of a creature that would protest being killed.
A lot of people think Japanese food is difficult, a lot of work. But you don't have to buy the knife I have. You don't have to train as long as I have. You can do my cooking in your kitchen.
My late wife Olympia was Goan and I've been to India many times. I love the food there. We used to do our shopping in Southall, where you can find cheap but wonderful fruit like mangoes, vegetables and spices. I didn't do much of the cooking, as Olympia did a lot - I was the under-chef and did some of the chopping.
The food in the House of Commons is fairly good. The cafe in Portcullis House is really very high quality, and you also have a choice of eating in the more traditional restaurants, the Churchill Room or the Members' Dining Room. I don't often eat in them, though, as I'm usually on the run.
I love spicy food.
It makes me so angry - there's enough food in the world but people are starving. It's all political.
Clearly, America's dysfunctional food culture must bear some of the blame for our excess pounds, but it's likely our walking-averse lifestyles contribute as well.
Everyone prefers some foods over others, but some adults take this tendency to an extreme. These people tend to prefer the kinds of bland food they may have enjoyed as children - such as plain or buttered pasta, macaroni and cheese, cheese pizza, French fries and grilled cheese sandwiches - and to restrict their eating to just a few dishes.
It does kids no favors, and sets them up for a potential lifetime of poor health and social embarrassment, to excuse them from family meals of real food. Everyone benefits from healthy eating, but it is particularly crucial at the beginning of life.
A lot of times on tour it's about, 'OK, where am I today? Wow, I'm in Costa Rica. What is their famous dish?' And it's about trying the food, and really experiencing it.
I can safely say that other than macaroni and cheese, there's no processed food in my life. There's no inorganic food in my life these days. There's no junk food. There's not a lot of sugar. There's no soy. I mean, really everything that's going into my body is pretty pure.
There is no reasoning, no process of inference or comparison there is no thinking about things, no putting two and two together there are no ideas - the animal does not think of the box or of the food or of the act he is to perform.
The most used piece of kit in my kitchen is my saucepan. I use it every morning to cook my porridge in. The least used piece of equipment? I'd say a food mixer. I've never used it, I don't really know what they're for.
When I want comfort food, I buy Maltesers. I like all chocolates, but especially those. You can eat them, and because they're so light, you can convince yourself that they are not actually that fattening.
Anybody who finds it easy to make money on the horses is probably in the dog food business.
I love 'Top Chef.' I think it rewrote the book on how food shows are presented on TV.
St. Louis has a lot of weird food customs that you don't see other places - and a lot of great ethnic neighborhoods. There's a German neighborhood. A great old school Italian neighborhood, with toasted ravioli, which seems to be a St. Louis tradition. And they love provolone cheese in St. Louis.
Customers want good value, but they care more than ever how food and clothing products are made.
People ask me how I keep my figure, and I tell them it's because I paint. When you're covered in paint, it's quite hard to put food in your mouth!
It is great to add some glamour to the food industry, like television shows have done for the food world and inspiring people to work in the industry. The flip side of that is unfortunately people think that after they get their qualifications, they get their invitation to compete on 'Top Chef.'
There are probably close to a million people in the hospitality industry here in the United States, and there are probably only a few hundred opportunities in the food media industry.
For me, food is all about balance. If you eat plenty of fruits, vegetables, and an appropriate amount of poultry, fish, and red meat that are sourced from good places, you're doing well. It's important to make sure that the meat you're consuming is hormone-free.
In my travels, I also noticed that kids in Thailand like spicy food, and kids in India love curry. I'm hoping to introduce my son, Hudson, to lots of veggies and spices when he's young. I say that before he's started on solid foods, so it could be easier in theory than practice!
I need protein from food rather than just protein supplements. I changed my diet.
The best thing you can do for someone is make them a beautiful plate of food. How else can you invade someone's body without actually touching them?
Wine, like food, is so emotional. If you think about it, so much of the courting ritual is surrounded by wine and food. There's a built-in romance to wine.
I really like to sometimes go into food detox and eat very simply.
Part of my job as a food writer is to describe food. So my work on 'Top Chef,' I feel, is an extension of that. When we give a criticism to the contestant, we want to make sure we tell them why it's not working and why it would work if they did it a different way.
From the simple stringing together of lemon garlands for the goddess Durga, to dividing the prasadam or blessed foods for the children first, I came to associate food not only with feminity, but also with purity and divinity.
We tend to connect bad food and bad habits with romance and sex.
Australia is the only island continent on the planet, which means that changes caused by planet-warming pollution - warmer seas, which can drive stronger storms, and more acidic oceans, which wreak havoc on the food chain - are even more deadly here.
With nine degrees of warming, computer models project that Australia will look like a disaster movie. Habitats for most vertebrates will vanish. Water supply to the Murray-Darling Basin will fall by half, severely curtailing food production.
They're now turning those seeds into intellectual property, so they have a virtual lock on the seeds upon which we all depend for our food and survival.
We are already producing enough food to feed the world. We already have technology in place that allows us to produce more than we can find a market for.
The American public is not aware that there might be potential allergenic and toxic reactions. With regular food, at least people know which foods they have an allergy to.
The public should know that the liability issues here have yet to be resolved, or even raised. If you're a farmer and you're growing a genetically engineering food crop, those genes are going to flow to the other farm.
I love Alton Brown's show 'Good Eats,' about the chemistry of food. It's really thoughtful.
The thing about all my food is that everything is a remembered flavor. Maybe it's something I had as a child or maybe it's something I had in Milan, but I want it to taste better than you ever thought.
I worked for the Office of Management and Budget in the White House, on nuclear energy policy. But I decided it would be much more fun to have a specialty food store, so I left Washington D.C. and moved to the Hamptons. And how glad I am that I did!
There's nothing more romantic than Italian food.
No, I love Montreal... I think I love Montreal more than Montreal loves me... I love the food there.
Food is my thing, I do not smoke or drink, so food is my vice.
I just don't crave junk food.
I don't feel any pressure to lose weight - and in any case, if I didn't have my food I'd be a nasty piece of work and wouldn't be able to function.
I want to make wines that harmonize with food - wines that almost hug your tongue with gentleness.
It's my first presenting role so I'll be nervous, but it's going to be great fun. I can't wait to sample the food and meet the celebrities. Hopefully I can inject some of my own glamour.
High-quality food is better for your health.
Let's keep the chemists over here and the food over here, that's my feeling. What do I know? But that is a big aspect of fast food is their ability to artificially taint the colors and the smells and stuff to stimulate appetite.
In England and America people tend to graze all day long, but I think it's such a waste to be constantly picking at food because you then can't enjoy a proper full meal when the time comes.
I have an enormous fondness for delicious food. It's very comforting.
Long as I was riding in a big Cadillac and dressed nice and had plenty of food, that's all I cared about.
Food is meant to be used as fuel for our bodies. If you're using it for any other reasons, take a step back and ask yourself, 'What's up.'
I wanted to be a great white hunter, a prospector for gold, or a slave trader. But then, when I was eight, my parents sent me to a boarding school in South Africa. It was the equivalent of a British public school with cold showers, beatings and rotten food. But what it also had was a library full of books.
Even though I grew up as a Sephardic Jew in Brooklyn where we ate Syrian food and went to temple, it was still America.
Most of my life I was occupied with American television and American food. My ethnicity was my choice. It still is.
I'm not really into gourmet food I'm the kind of guy who just stops by a place that looks good rather than heading for the restaurant of the moment.
I love Italian food but that's too generic a term for what's available now: you have to narrow it down to Tuscan, Sicilian, and so on.
I'm obsessed with food!
It's easy to be lazy when there's food lying around backstage or there's a fast-food joint a couple blocks away. But if you walk a little further, ask around a bit, of course there are exciting things to discover.
The wonderful thing about Food for Thought is that it lets you keep your hand in theater and be in front of a live audience without a commitment of six months, or even three months.
Food was a constant topic of conversation in our household.
Every country can be defined through their food, their music and their language. That's the soul of a country.
I have a fear of poverty in old age. I have this vision of myself living in a skip and eating cat food. It's because I'm freelance, and I've never had a proper job. I don't have a pension, and my savings are dwindling. I always thought someone would just come along and look after me.
For much of the female half of the world, food is the first signal of our inferiority. It lets us know that our own families may consider female bodies to be less deserving, less needy, less valuable.
My grandmother was the greatest cook in the world. She could just go in there, the whole kitchen would look like a tornado hit it and then she'd come out with the best food. Then she'd sit at the table and she wouldn't eat!
Absolutely, there is a connection between food and love. I always say, when there's love in my heart or I'm feeling particularly good, the food comes out that much better. And so I think Valentine's Day is a special day.
When the farmer can sell directly to the consumer, it is a more active process. There's more contact. The consumer can know, who am I buying this from? What's their name? Do they have a face? Is the food they are selling coming out of Mexico with pesticides?
All I ever wanted to do was to make food accessible to everyone to show that you can make mistakes - I do all the time - but it doesn't matter.
If you only design menus that are essentially junk or fast food, the whole infrastructure supports junk.
Give your kids a bloody knife and fork and let me put some fresh food in front of them they can eat.
Heads know that failing to invest in good, nutritious food is a false economy and parents won't tolerate reconstituted turkey being put back on the menu.
I want Americans to enjoy food. I want them to celebrate food. I want them to, on occasions, to have big cakes and great things. And I want them to indulge.
The average housewife goes to the restaurant to relax and enjoy the food. But when Eva walks in, she becomes the center of attention.
Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments.
Never eat while doing something else, because you won't get the satisfaction from your food and you'll be more likely to overeat.
Food is not your best friend or enemy.
Part of treatment for drugs and alcohol is you abstain from these, but with eating disorders you can't abstain from food so the treatment is longer than drugs and alcohol.
You have to find a balance with food in your life - you can't take out food. It can be absolutely terrifying.
While weight loss is important, what's more important is the quality of food you put in your body - food is information that quickly changes your metabolism and genes.
A dead cow or sheep lying in a pasture is recognized as carrion. The same sort of a carcass dressed and hung up in a butcher's stall passes as food.
The food in such places is so tasteless because the members associate spices and garlic with just the sort of people they're trying to keep out.
When it comes to Chinese food I have always operated under the policy that the less known about the preparation the better. A wise diner who is invited to visit the kitchen replies by saying, as politely as possible, that he has a pressing engagement elsewhere.
I don't think I've ever read a food piece or a food book.
I don't cook. I don't know anything about food. I've never reviewed a restaurant.
Canadians are very well behaved, they don't throw their food.
Be what you would seem to be - or, if you'd like it put more simply - a house is no home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body.
Japanese food makes me feel particularly good.
I was always the new kid in school, I'm the kid from a broken family, I'm the kid who had no dad showing up at the father-son stuff, I'm the kid that was using food stamps at the grocery store.
When service members are discharged, we should express our gratitude for their profound personal sacrifice, not hand them a bill for their hospital food.
I love doing demonstrations. I think to be a great chef you have to be a great teacher. I love doing classes with people who love food and enjoy food, bringing them all around one table so to speak.
Recipes are important but only to a point. What's more important than recipes is how we think about food, and a good cookbook should open up a new way of doing just that.
Go to the grocery store and buy better things. Buy quality, buy organic, buy natural, go to the farmers market. Immediately that's going to increase the quality of the food you make.
I don't think any other holiday embraces the food of the Midwest quite like Thanksgiving. There's roasted meat and mashed potatoes. But being here is also about heritage. Cleveland is really a giant melting pot - not only is my family a melting pot, but so is the city.
My goal in 'Live to Cook' is to make great food more approachable for home cooks.
I don't do yoga. I bite the hella outta my nails. I smoke, I eat all the wrong food, I don't exercise.
For some Chicago expats, food is the medicine that blunts the pain of separation.
The best way to lose weight is to close your mouth - something very difficult for a politician. Or watch your food - just watch it, don't eat it.
It was my Uncle George who discovered that alcohol was a food well in advance of modern medical thought.
I love England, especially the food. There's nothing I like more than a lovely bowl of pasta.
A fly cannot go in unless it stops somewhere therefore weapons, fuel, food, money will not go to Afghanistan unless the neighbors of Afghanistan are working, are cooperating, either being themselves the origin or the transit.
Queuing tips for fans: wrap up and bring food!
I think the most wonderful thing in the world is another chef. I'm always excited about learning new things about food.
Creole is New Orleans city food. Communities were created by the people who wanted to stay and not go back to Spain or France.
Another nice thing was that I would type out letters home for the admiral's stewards. They would then feed me the same food the admiral ate.
I've always felt that sexuality is a really slippery thing. In this day and age, it tends to get categorized and labeled, and I think labels are for food. Canned food.
I'm reading a lot of different books, but I always think I have to switch it up a little bit. It's like food - everything in moderation, same with my books, same with my reading. You read books that are good for you and you learn a lot of stuff, then you read 'Fifty Shades of Grey,' which is like candy.
I can't deliver lines, but I can talk about food all night long.
Hunger is a political issue, and there are several things politically that are keeping people hungry - not funding food stamps adequately, not funding school lunches adequately. So there is a political solution to the problem of hunger.
You can buy a box of low-fat macaroni and cheese made with powdered nonsense. I'm not worried if I'm using four different cheeses and it's high in fat. It's real food. That's what's more important.
I think steak is the ultimate comfort food, and if you're going out for one, that isn't the time to scrimp on calories or quality.
You have to know the classics if you want to cook modern food.
In New York, I'll walk down the street and someone will say, 'Nice show,' and that's it. If I'm at a food festival, it's open season.
As a chef, I had started working with groups like Share Our Strength and various local food banks in New York, raising money for hunger-related issues. And not only me, but the entire restaurant industry has been very focused on this issue.
There's the issue of hunger, and there's an issue of if you're going to cut out food programs. We should be focusing on healthy food. Right now, fruits and vegetables are very expensive. So what can we do on the policy side to bring the cost of fruits and vegetables down?
Asian food is very easy to like because it hits your mouth very differently than European food does. In European food, there may be two things to hit - maybe sweet and salty, maybe salty-savory, but Asian kind of works around, plus you have that distinct flavor that's usually working in Asian food.
We are not really privy to all that crazy stuff that goes on in the show. I go to work, eat, and talk about food. The wild things happen when we aren't around. I expected Top Chef to last three or four seasons and we are now shooting season ten.
We're adults. We're the ones who should teach the kids what's good to eat. I don't think the government should ever regulate what we eat at home, but we're feeding them in school with tax dollars. Quite frankly, if my tax dollars are being spent to feed kids, I'd rather feed them better food.
I travel around and hear from so many kids. Their parents say they were always very picky but they watch the show and they want to try stuff. The show is entertainment, but I think it has done so much for the public perception of what food can be.
There's a food revolution going on throughout the country. And it doesn't matter if you're down south, up north in Maine, if you're out west in Portland or Seattle.
Everything is just better in California - the wine, the food, fruits and vegetables, the comforts of living. Even the instrumentalists are generous and curious. Everything is wonderful.
But it's really hard to eat good when you're traveling because you see fast food and you want to go to this restaurant and that restaurant.
But Australia faces additional regional and global challenges also crucial to our nation's future - climate change, questions of energy and food security, the rise of China and the rise of India. And we need a strong system of global and regional relationships and institutions to underpin stability.
You feel better when you're eating food that retains nutritional value.
In the States, you can buy Chinese food. In Beijing you can buy hamburger. It's very close. Now I feel the world become a big family, like a really big family. You have many neighbors. Not like before, two countries are far away.
The less you do to beautiful food, the better it's going to taste. You don't need to mess with it all the time.
Patience is the secret to good food.
Like baseball, food will never go out of style we will always need to eat and we will always find it entertaining. I think of food TV this way - all the fun and none of the calories.
There's not a single chef I know of that does not think about the politics of the food they're serving.
I had decided I wanted to write about food, and I knew the only way to do that is to speak with authority, which meant learning the language and knowing what that experience is like.
It's better to get the nutrients for healthy skin from food, not supplements. Salmon, walnuts, blueberries, spinach... lots of my favorite foods happen to be amazing for skin too.
Find combinations of flavors you love and buy the best quality ingredients you can afford. Your food is only going to be as good as the sum of its parts, like anything else.
Fast sex, like fast food, is cheap, but it doesn't nourish the body - or the soul.
To me, food is as much about the moment, the occasion, the location and the company as it is about the taste.
You think about some of the most memorable meals you've ever had the food will be good but it will often be about locating a mental memory and taste is inexorably linked to all the other senses and memory, so ultimately it is all about taste.
It's easy for people in an air-conditioned room to continue with the policies of destruction of Mother Earth. We need instead to put ourselves in the shoes of families in Bolivia and worldwide that lack water and food and suffer misery and hunger.
When I came to the Food Network, I didn't want to do a cooking show. I told Kathleen Finch for nine months I didn't want to do a cooking show, I wanted to do a home-and-garden show.
I'm not sure that some of the food purists are in touch with what really goes on in American households.
It's really easy to figure out why I love what I love, the holidays and food. I know the difference between having them and not having them.
I'm the only girl on The Food Network who grills - I have two bestselling grilling books. I try to really focus on what men and women can do outside together out on the grill. I think it's really fun to have men and women out there together, having fun, working and enjoying themselves.
I like doing food as a focal point on my table. It is not like going out and buying flowers or candles, which are expensive.
We have reduced sales tax on food. Now we want it eliminated.
Woe to us if we get our satisfaction from the food in the kitchen and the TV in the den and the sex in the bedroom with an occasional tribute to the cement blocks in the basement!
You can't escape the taste of the food you had as a child. In times of stress, what do you dream about? Your mother's clam chowder. It's security, comfort. It brings you home.
I say: If you don't know how to cook, I'm sure you have at least one friend who knows how to cook. Well, call that friend and say, 'Can I come next time and can I bring some food and can I come an hour or two hours ahead and watch you and help you?'
When I pair food and wine, I start with the food. If I have a beautiful roasted bird, I might choose a Cabernet or Pinot Noir, or maybe a Syrah, depending on the sauce and what is in my cellar.
This June, I'll travel once again to the Food and Wine Magazine Classic in Aspen, Colorado. For many years, my dear friend Julia Child and I have teamed up to teach classes together at the event for the past seven years, my daughter, Claudine, has been my cooking partner on stage.
The agony of my feelings allowed me no respite no incident occurred from which my rage and misery could not extract its food.
Somewhere near you, somebody right now is trying to help the indigent and poor - providing food, shelter, clothing or simple kindness.
When it becomes hard for me not to eat bad food, I try to think about what I have to do and what is ahead of me and what I want to achieve.
Anorexia, you starve yourself. Bulimia, you binge and purge. You eat huge amounts of food until you're sick and then you throw up. And anorexia, you just deny yourself. It's about control.
Acceptable food rots while we are chased from bins behind restaurants, chased from sleeping on the street, chased from relieving ourselves unless we pay for food or gas, until finally we are so hungry, sleepless, smelly, constipated and beaten-down that we simply die of lack of will to live.
Yet food is something that is taken for granted by most world leaders despite the fact that more than half of the population of the world is hungry.
Almost certainly, however, the first essential component of social justice is adequate food for all mankind.
Entrepreneurs always pitch their idea as 'the X of Y', so this is going to be 'the Microsoft of food.' And yet disruptive innovations usually don't have that character. Most of the time, if something seems like a good idea, it probably isn't.
Men can absent themselves from real life for their art more easily. Women are anchored into the quotidian business of getting food on the table, making sure everybody's socks match, the soccer gear is ready. I admire idealists, but they're usually enabled by someone who holds the tether on their balloon, who pays the bills and sweeps up after them.
Especially for me, growing up in such a small town in the middle of nowhere, the desire to be away was incredible. I wanted to see new lands, meet new people from the city, and meet people that were in much less fortunate situations than I was, so that I could be more appreciative of my present. At least I had food on the table.
I used to work a lot on food issues and every time somebody predicted that production would be inadequate they got egg on their face a year or two later.
I probably grow half my food. It's a good way to keep perspective.
I've been very lucky in the characters I've chosen. Up until last year I was a nobody. I did jobs I booked because I needed to put food in my mouth.
We simply can no longer afford to deny the full potential of one half of the population. The world needs to tap into the talent and wisdom of women. Whether the issue is food security, economic recovery, health, or peace and security, the participation of women is needed now more than ever.
Yeah, well, food is always a part of everything.
It makes sense that we came up with our public school system during the Industrial Revolution because it's like everybody is a factory worker, eating their terrible food and going back to the room where you're silent and listening to an idiot. That's an epitomizing idea, getting called 'Nothing' for your whole high school experience.
Doing things like playing music, something that's so natural and basic to human function, running around in nature, eating delicious food. These things are intrinsic in basic, primordial to human beings, so that's sort of a way to return to a blank canvas, allowing my true personality to return.
Hash browns are my favorite breakfast food.
I normally don't eat junk food.
I don't like to waste anything. Any food left over from the night before is always eaten the next day.
As long as the food is well prepared and not overdone, I think it tastes good. It doesn't matter if it's Chinese, Japanese, anything.
I used to get criticized for putting food in novels.
I loved everything about Spain - the people, the language, and the food!
My quest these days is to find my long lost inner child, but I'm afraid if I do, I'll end up with food in my hair and way too in love with the cats.
Urban conservationists may feel entitled to be unconcerned about food production because they are not farmers. But they can't be let off so easily, for they are all farming by proxy.
I buy food and gasoline - that's it.
I always knew the importance of it, since I was three or four years old my mother used to feed me wine and water. I grew up with wine as liquid food.
If you go back to the Greeks and Romans, they talk about all three - wine, food, and art - as a way of enhancing life.
When I hosted the dinner I served fast food hamburgers. It had nothing to do with black, white, purple, yellow, green race. it had nothing to do with Tiger or his family or his golf game.
As a freelance writer, I'd be asked to become an expert for various magazines on any subject, whether food or wine or history or the life span of veterinarians. I was completely unschooled in any of these things.
One can hardly be Indian and not know that almost every accent, which hand you eat your food with, has some deeper symbolic truth, reality.
Everyone would talk about their diets and working out and what it made me do was go to craft services where all the food for the cast and crew was and I would eat.
In corn, I think I've found the key to the American food chain. If you look at a fast-food meal, a McDonald's meal, virtually all the carbon in it - and what we eat is mostly carbon - comes from corn.
At home I serve the kind of food I know the story behind.
Corn is an efficient way to get energy calories off the land and soybeans are an efficient way of getting protein off the land, so we've designed a food system that produces a lot of cheap corn and soybeans resulting in a lot of cheap fast food.
Perhaps more than any other, the food industry is very sensitive to consumer demand.
People in Slow Food understand that food is an environmental issue.
Fairness forces you - even when you're writing a piece highly critical of, say, genetically modified food, as I have done - to make sure you represent the other side as extensively and as accurately as you possibly can.
If you're out, and starving, and need a bite to eat, then you need fast food.
A few years ago, kids from poor areas in France were asked to draw items of food. For a chicken, they drew a drumstick. For a fish, they drew a fish stick. Those are extremes, but there is a lot that needs to be done to help children discover good food.
Talking about food is like talking about your dreams. Everyone has something to say. We all have to eat, it's just what we eat which differs. Some people eat for fuel and I feel bad for them.
Mexican food is far more varied than people think. It changes like dialects. I was brought up in Jalisco by the sea on a basic diet - tomatoes, chillis, peppers of every size and rice, which is a Mexican staple. The Pacific coast has a huge array of seafood.
I think the water dictates how food will taste in a country. In England the apples taste unlike apples grown in any other place. England is an island, there's a lot of salt in the air and in the water. I think that has something to do with it.
Latin food suffers like Chinese. You can do marginal Chinese and be successful. You can do crappy Mexican and be packed.
Murals in restaurants are on a par with the food in museums.
The murals in restaurants are on par with the food in museums.
I get way too much happiness from good food.
Money spent on carbon cuts is money we can't use for effective investments in food aid, micronutrients, HIV/AIDS prevention, health and education infrastructure, and clean water and sanitation.
I believe food is the most brilliant invention ever.
I am a serious food lover and Peruvian cuisine is one of the best in the world.
From the minute I wake up until I go to bed I think about food.
My perfect day is constantly changing. Right now, it would be to lie around in a hammock reading with a portable phone and a table of food next to it. I would spend all day there. And that's all that I can possibly come up with on the spur of the moment.
For me, first, it's finding quiet in my life - and I do that through yoga and meditation. It's also been a matter of changing the way I eat, because I think what we eat can inform who we are food is a chemical and a drug to a certain extent.
What I've been developing is a vegan fast food chain and vegan food markets.
I got a fascination with food.
I had no accomplishments except surviving. But that isn't enough in the community where I came from, because everybody was doing it. So I wasn't prepared for America, where everybody is glowing with good teeth and good clothes and food.
My parents owned a soul food diner. It inspired me to go to culinary school.
I love tiny, plastic realistic food magnets. I don't know why. They're hilarious.
I'm not a food critic, and I'm not really an authority to write anything on food.
A lot of food criticism has a similar flavor to it, and I'm probably going to write about it in a different way.
They advertise on the radio for food stamps!
Not to like ice cream is to show oneself uninterested in food.
I like food too much to go on some crazy diet. French fries are my favorite downfall.
Since I've been pregnant, I've lost my taste for fast food. I used to be the biggest McDonald's junkie and now I don't like it anymore. I used to be the biggest fast-food connoisseur, and now I've really lost my taste for it.
I love chicken fingers, I love French fries. I love desserts. I'm not just into dessert or just into savoury food. I love it all. I'm a pig. I love food. So it takes a lot of discipline to eat healthy.
If the first requisite for writing well about food is a good appetite, the second is to put in your apprenticeship as a feeder when you have enough money to pay the check but not enough to produce indifference of the total.
The primary requisite for writing well about food is a good appetite. Without this, it is impossible to accumulate, within the allotted span, enough experience of eating to have anything worth setting down.
Each of us needs something - food, liquor, pot, whatever - to help us survive. Dracula needs blood.
And on a Canadian set, everybody is equal. You get paid the same. You live together in barracks. You have a communal kitchen. You buy and cook your own food.
I came literally to the table with a wealth of knowledge by simply understanding how food should taste.
I have an amazing relationship with food.
Grief is a bad moon, a sleeper wave. It's like having an inner combatant, a saboteur who, at the slightest change in the sunlight, or at the first notes of a jingle for a dog food commercial, will flick the memory switch, bringing tears to your eyes.
I love to cook comfort food. I'll make fish and vegetables or meat and vegetables and potatoes or rice. The ritual of it is fun for me, and the creativity of it.
Many people submit to excessive appetites without realizing that they do not need to eat so much food.
What we are trying to do is to create a social business in Bangladesh, a joint venture to create restaurants for common people. Good, healthy food at affordable prices so that people don't have to opt for food that is unhealthy and unhygienic.
I'm not too into fast food, but you know if I was, it would be chicken.
The food in Sydney is an Asian Pacific cuisine. It's eclectic but above all it's fresh, inventive and creative and that's what I love about it.
We don't really go in for big family dinners, but Scottish people are famously confrontational. It's a cultural thing, so maybe we don't need to have them to clear the air. Also, traditional family food isn't as nice here so there's no payoff for traveling hundreds of miles.
First I would probably place men at the bottom of the food chain. On a grander scale, I would say they're reacting to change. Feminism has got to be part of that.
The pride of the hipster food movement is sort of annoying, but it fascinates me.
I think there's a lot of work to be done with our societies. My biggest passions are the environment and health. And when I say 'health' I mean the secrets behind health and our food system.
Meat is a big deal in my life. I do love breakfast food, but I don't think that's extraordinary. I'm a normal American. We love eggs and meat and potatoes and gravy.
Just a little help, a small security force, a bit of food, can save lives.
America is a such a melting pot, I'm not sure if roast chicken is the classic comfort food for everybody.
There is great food in Vegas.
I don't follow the food trends.
I suppose women are attracted to the bad-boy image sometimes because it's fun to have an adventure. It's like eating junk food... it's fun at the time, but ultimately not the best choice.
Looking back, there is nothing wrong with that peace, love and equality that the hippies espoused. In many ways, we have regressed because they were into organic food, back to nature, make love not war, be good to all men, share and share alike - which is what many are talking about now.
Taste as you go. When you taste the food throughout the cooking process you can make adjustments as you go.
I don't really believe in diets. I love food... If I deprive myself, I'm going to want it more. I snack on yogurt, raw cashews and cherry tomatoes.
I have experienced some amazing food! Yet when I think about the most luxurious and exquisite meals I have had, visions of simple food made from a few natural ingredients are what most excite me.
I don't need the fillers, additives, excessive amounts of sugars, fats, salts and other measures taken to taint the natural goodness of real food.
The very fact that we are having a national conversation about what we should eat, that we are struggling with the question about what the best diet is, is symptomatic of how far we have strayed from the natural conditions that gave rise to our species, from the simple act of eating real, whole, fresh food.
We need a grassroots movement and government policies and programs to change the food landscape and the built environment to give our children a chance to have happy, healthy successful lives.
Most schools have only a microwave or deep fryer, hardly the tools needed to feed our children real, fresh food.
When it becomes a revolutionary act to eat real food, we are in trouble.
Life excites me-just little, normal, everyday things. Getting out of bed. Getting dressed. Making food. I find it all exciting.
You can see my guns at my apartment. The safe room is a special place... It's good to have a safe room in your house. It's storm-proof we've got food, store supplies, all kinds of stuff.
Bahrainis are better off than many other Arabs. We have a welfare state, everybody gets a salary whether they have a job or not. Electricity and food are subsidized school and healthcare are free. And we don't differentiate between Bahrainis and foreigners. We are very proud of that.
It's a funny thing about me. I don't have any interest in food most of the time now, although when I was a kid I was always hungry.
The development of the food industry for both domestic and export markets relies on a regulatory framework that both protects the consumer and assures fair trading practices in food.
We are also in the process of defining how best to work together with food and other companies to address diet and physical activity factors in order to prevent chronic diseases.
We hear all around us to love ourselves, and one of the ways we can do that is to eat food that serves our body, but also for us to love the food we're eating.
Eating and food are a wonderful part of our life's experience, and half of us are walking around dreading having to figure out what to put in our mouths.
Food is fuel and not a solution to anything other than giving your body nutrients. I love chocolate like the next girl, but it's not going to change my situation.
I love HGTV. I love the Food Network.
You can give men food and leisure and amusements and good conditions of work, and still they will remain unsatisfied. You can deny them all these things, and they will not complain so long as they feel that they have something to die for.
When you get to fifty-two food becomes more important than sex.
If I am in London I like a quick get away to The Olde Bell in Hurley... It's nearby and no stress - great food and beautiful walks.
Our budget works to reduce and eliminate the risk of attacks at our ports, rails, in the skies, our food supply and roads by allowing for increases in many of the programs and agencies to help protect these important areas of commerce and travel.
Temptation is like a knife, that may either cut the meat or the throat of a man it may be his food or his poison, his exercise or his destruction.
It seems the most logical thing in the world to believe that the natural resources of the Earth, upon which the race depends for food, clothing and shelter, should be owned collectively by the race instead of being the private property of a few social parasites.
I started eating healthier. I actually gave up fast food. I gave up candy and potato chips and everything else. I started watching what I ate.
When I go on stage man I just want people to have fun, I don't want people to think about their problems, I want people to get energy and nutrition and food from that so they can go back into the real world and work on their problems.
The most successful person is the one who is most inspired. That is true in food and in life.
America is becoming more and more dependent upon imports from foreign manufacturers than we are exports from our country in all fields: in appliances, in clothing, even food. This year America may become for the first time in its history a net food importer.
I love making Italian food. And coconut chicken.
I heard about the project over a year before we began. My American agent said, 'Oh, you might want to read 'In Cold Blood' because they're talking about you for Capote, but the script's with Johnny Depp and Sean Penn at the moment.' So, these things take their time to dribble down the food chain.
I will never forget experiencing Venice for the first time. It feels like you are transported to another time - the art, music, food and pure romance in the air is like no other place.
Food should be raw, just the way God intended it!
When I travel I normally eat club sandwiches or I bring my own food. When you go into a new town, it's very had to find a good place to eat.
We trust something in a grocery store and assume it's good. We don't learn about the most precious thing in life-the food we put in our body. Educate yourself!
We had no electricity, no gas. Food was probably our greatest entertainment - the most fun thing that we could do was food.
If you have acid in food, you need to sugar it. At a high temperature, the acids are changed to sugar.
I wait for the next opportunity to have something to do with food. If I get rested, my mind just starts creating new dishes - click, click, click.
I'd like to have the first restaurant that can deliver incredible quality food to your table at your house at any time-right where you live.
Cajun is country food by farmers and fisherman that arrived in Louisiana from Acadiana, Canada.
After failing four times and after working for other people and realizing that nobody paid attention to the food like they should have, we wanted to just pay attention to the food and service.
I remember that at the beginning of the month, the kind of menus my mom and father would prepare for us would have fish, chicken. But at the end of the month - because my father would be waiting for paycheck - the refrigerator would get empty. I remember that without a lot of food left, some of the best meals happened right there.
I recycle. I have a house in the south of France and I have a small garden. My name is Dujardin - 'from the garden.' I grow carrots, peppers, strawberries, green beans, and things for salads, but there are lots of wild boars all around and they steal the food.
When I said a few weeks ago that our people would eat cooking oil and olives if necessary, I didn't mean that there really would be only oil and olives. What I meant was that our people have the necessary patience to endure the current difficult situation. Palestinians would rather do without certain food items than their national rights.
Fashion, for me, is anything that's aesthetic and beautiful. Art, food, film. It's something that I appreciate and really like.
I can celebrate food anytime. I love cheese. When I crave a certain food, I just eat it.
Actually, if I don't eat healthy food I don't feel good. For me, I crave healthy food.
Cleaning is my favorite way to relax. I clear things out and get rid of the stuff I don't need. When the food pantry and the refrigerator are organized, I feel less stressed.
Man should not try to avoid stress any more than he would shun food, love or exercise.
If you're working out and taking care of your body, you don't really want the greasy food that makes you feel tired or blah. You actually crave the good stuff!
Whatever I'm doing, I'm in that moment and I'm doing it. The rest of the world's lost. If I'm cooking some food or making soup, I want it to be lovely. If not, what's the point of doing it?
I like to cook Indian food when I can. I find the process of creating a home-cooked meal to be unwinding.
When I was younger I was fat. I was never conscious of it and was content with who I was because I was so loved. My mother never told me to lose weight and my father doted on me, but my agent told me. I tried, but I loved Indian food too much.
Not like Chinese food, where you eat it and then you feel hungry an hour later.
People will travel anywhere for good food - it's crazy.
Take a trip to the forest and experience the greatness of getting on your knees and picking your own food and going home... and eating it.
Learning about issues such as sustainability and locavorism are things that you need to have as part of you as a chef because it will make you cook more delicious food.
Italian food is all about ingredients and it's not fussy and it's not fancy.
What I don't like is breakfast in the morning. I have a double-espresso cappuccino, but no food.
Everybody has to put purees underneath everything now. It's like people think we need the steak, and then we need some baby food with it.
A lot of restaurants serve good food, but they don't have very good service.
I believe that London is the most exciting food city in Europe.
I grew up in Austria, and for me real comfort food is Wiener Schnitzel. Wiener Schnitzel and mashed potatoes because it reminds me of my youth... It reminds me when I grow up and it feels very comforting.
There's a lot of processed food in America and I know that can make some tourists who're used to fresh food feel sick.
I don't find it a struggle to maintain a healthy diet now as my palate has changed. I don't crave rich food.
I had absolutely no idea how I had ballooned during my pregnancy. All I thought about was eating plenty of food to keep my baby healthy.
Neither does man have gills for living in a water environment yet it is not sinful to explore the depths of the oceans in search of food or other blessings.
We must oppose programs that would take food from the mouths of younger generations to buy prescription drugs for old people, and we must do it... for the children.
Today, there are also buyers and sellers of all these energy commodities, just like there are buyers and sellers of food commodities and many other commodities.
We use competitive markets to arrange for delivery of our food supply.
You start making movies and people start seeing when you go to places, and all of a sudden you are getting clothes for free and all of a sudden you are getting food for free.
When I'm writing, my neural pathways get blocked. I can't read. I can barely hold a conversation without forgetting words and names. I wish I could wear the same clothes and eat the same food each day.
Relief organizations both large and small are coordinating deliveries of food, clothing, water, and other basic necessities to those impacted by Katrina.
When I took command in Vietnam, I gave great emphasis to food and medical care - and to the mail.
We had the best food any battlefield ever had.
I do not know that any writer has supposed that on this earth man will ultimately be able to live without food.
Food safety involves everybody in the food chain.
We're going to do everything possible to make sure that food safety is always paramount, and that we work with the industry as aggressively as we can to make sure that we're paying attention to the food-safety issues.
This president has said this has to be a priority for our nation, protecting our food supply from terrorist acts, so he continues to provide the funding that is necessary.
My friends gave me the first songs which was the first food in my soul for me.
Our livelihood is intimately tied to the food we eat, water we drink and places where we recreate. That's why we have to promote responsibility and conservation when it comes to our natural resources.
To see those babies with no food for three of four days, old people sitting in the hot sun, when you see these poor people, you cannot help but being compassionate or affected.
After all the fertile land in the immediate neighbourhood of the first settlers were cultivated, if capital and population increased, more food would be required, and it could only be procured from land not so advantageously situated.
The facility of obtaining food is beneficial in two ways to the owners of capital, it at the same time raises profits and increases the amount of consumable commodities.
We must then build a proper relationship between the richest and the poorest countries based on our desire that they are able to fend for themselves with the investment that is necessary in their agriculture, so that Africa is not a net importer of food, but an exporter of food.
Peruvian food is so simple yet amazingly flavored with their traditional spices.
Hopefully, imparting what's important to me, respect for the food and that information about the purveyors, people will realize that for a restaurant to be good, so many pieces have to come together.
Now the restaurants have begun to catch up with the wine-making there are numerous great restaurants in Napa Valley, and it's wonderful because the people are there for just that: great food and great wine.
But once in a while you might see me at In and Out Burger they make the best fast food hamburgers around.
When you're starting out as an actor, there isn't much food around. I was lucky to have a hit pretty early on. I didn't starve too long.
I'm a food addict, that's my downfall.
I've realized that I'm more important than food is. I love a big slice of pizza, but I love myself more. Being thin is about changing the way you think about yourself. It's about saying that you deserve to be healthy.
Once a food becomes off-limits, then it takes on this whole other personality. 'Forbidden' is more tempting. And it becomes something evil, but food is food. It's there to nourish your body.
Music can also be a sensual pleasure, like eating food or sex. But its highest vibration for me is that point of taking us to a real understanding of something in our nature which we can very rarely get at. It is a spiritual state of oneness.
Language is like songs, like food, like dance-it is the expression of what we think.
Many people in the world today are not starving because there is an inherent inability to produce food, they are starving because they are caught in the middle of political fights and blockades that have been used as weapons.
Food is available, but it cannot be shipped into an area, so the people in that area suffer the consequences.
Because of technological limits, there is a certain amount of food that we can produce per acre. If we were to have intensive greenhouse agriculture, we could have much higher production.
A gun can be dangerous. But a gun can protect you, you can hunt for food with it - you know, the tool itself is a tool. The intention of the party using the tool is a part of the process, right? You know: the knife cuts the steak, stabs the person, saves somebody from danger, cuts somebody out of a car.
I had a job at a movie theater for like a year and a half and then a job at a health food store for, like, two years. Those were the only two jobs I ever had.
The Paris peace talks kept a roof over my head and food on the table and clothes on my back because if something was said going in or coming out, I had the rent for the month.
It was dog food. Beef livers with onions in a can. You open it up and it looks like vomit.
I swear I want to be a food model.
People who shop in health food stores never look healthy.
If we eat any food, or drink any beverage, we must recite a blessing over them before and after.
I love Caribbean food. It's a great melting pot of so many cultures including the Native Americans.
I was never a person who was introduced to junk food.
I'm learning to hunt with rifles, because if you think about it, hunting gets you the healthiest meat - organic, free-range food. It's a totally yuppie spin on what I thought was kind of a redneck occupation.
What's my favourite food? One you order out.
I like putting my money into things like food and shelter. I'm probably a bad example of an investor.
I don't like to generalize but I've had nothing but bad experiences with Mexican food in Europe.
I love really good food and I don't ever want to spend too much for it, but I like hanging out and having really good, tasty, interesting food.
It's fun to have money, but the more money I get, the less interesting it becomes. If you don't have very much, you have to think about it. If you are starving, you become interested in food. If you are struggling to pay the bills, money becomes tragically important.
I have an impressionable palate. A well-worded menu or beautifully presented dish excites me. I get a great deal of pleasure just thinking about food.
Without sound conservation and management measures, fisheries will quickly become depleted and a basic component of global food security will be lost.
My girlfriend Siri is a food blogger, and we both love to entertain and eat. This is what happens when you're in your thirties: what was once a passion and real appetite for nightlife in New York City manifests itself into other things, like entertaining at home.
In our house we repeated the pattern of thousands of other homes. There were a few books and a lot of music. Our food and our furniture were no different from our neighbors'.
I'm nutty for nutrition. I've become one of those people who can't stop talking about the connection between food and health. Now that I know how much changing what you eat can transform your life, I can't stop proselytizing.
Women oftentimes are the ones making those economic decisions, sitting around the kitchen table and trying to figure out how to pay for rising gas prices or food prices or the health insurance costs. And I think that they see where they expect their leaders in Congress to also make those tough decisions.
If I've got food and water, as long as I can exercise my mind and keep it nimble, then I'll be okay.
Animal substance seems to be the first food of all birds, even the granivorous tribes.
Man's survival, from the time of Adam and Eve until the invention of agriculture, must have been precarious because of his inability to ensure his food supply.
Food is the moral right of all who are born into this world.
I am but one member of a vast team made up of many organizations, officials, thousands of scientists, and millions of farmers - mostly small and humble - who for many years have been fighting a quiet, oftentimes losing war on the food production front.
I'm always trying to find brain food and indulge in knowledge that's gonna be useful.
We can have technology, prosperity, nice homes and cars, but at the same time we must be conscious of what we are dumping into the water, the air and our food.
We're the biggest food and agriculture company in the world.
Now an embryo may seem like some scientific or laboratory term, but in fact the embryo contains the unique information that defines a person. All you add is food and climate control, and some time, and the embryo becomes you or me.
What I used to do between writing fits was feed my kids, ride my horse and go shopping for cat and dog food.
It's almost seems as though there's a battle going on between the public and all the fast-food establishments, and, believe me, I think it's very tasty food.
I think there is a real misconception about Indian food being super spicy. And I know that's because when you go into an Indian restaurant, it is pretty spicy. But it doesn't have to be. In fact, my husband can't handle a lot of heat. I've had to temper my cooking so that he can eat with me.
Their life is about getting enough money to put food on the table to feed their children, and that's it.
And though various organizations in America and England collected money and sent food parcels to these refugees, nothing was ever received by the Spanish.
Edible substances evoke the secretion of thick, concentrated saliva. Why? The answer, obviously, is that this enables the mass of food to pass smoothly through the tube leading from the mouth into the stomach.
From the described experiment it is clear that the mere act of eating, the food even not reaching the stomach, determines the stimulation of the gastric glands.
It has long been known for sure that the sight of tasty food makes a hungry man's mouth water also lack of appetite has always been regarded as an undesirable phenomenon, from which one might conclude that appetite is essentially linked with the process of digestion.
Appetite, craving for food, is a constant and powerful stimulator of the gastric glands.
You can heal your body with food.
I grew up playing music and enjoying good food, friends and family in my own backyard.
We cover hamburgers, chicken, veggie burgers, salads, we've got a pretty broad range. To me, McDonald's isn't only about the food. It's about the prices, it's about the way we eat.
UNICEF has repeatedly called on governments to ensure basic services for children and this includes providing food where the need exists.
I also try to eat as much raw food and clean food as possible.
I've talked to some drummers who seem to have a very hard time staying in shape on the road, including some drummers touring with high-profile acts that don't have to live on fast food every night.
The impetus behind going to graduate school was a year after graduating from college spent in Dallas working at the dog food factory and Bank America and not having met success in my chosen field, which at that point was being an actress.
I would like to have you quote me, Erich von Stroheim, as having said on this day of this month of this year this one thing: you Americans are living on baby food.
I used to hang out by the food table at parties because you don't have to talk to anybody. If you do then you can talk about the food.
I don't like salads: I like the strong food.
I like to say, jazz music is kind of like my musical equivalent of comfort food. You know, it's always where I go back to when I just want to feel sort of grounded.
I think for me, food was a way for me to deal with emotional trouble.
I do eat well. I try to love my body. That is what I tell my daughter. I say, 'Love every bite of food. Love your body. We're all going to be dead soon.' Actually I don't say that last thing to her.
Cats know how to obtain food without labor, shelter without confinement, and love without penalties.
I can get whatever I want to eat and when you, you know, you forget to eat you sometimes pick up fast food.
Don't make jokes about food.
Russia will occupy most of the good food lands of central Europe while we have the industrial portions. We must find some way of persuading Russia to play ball.
In recent years personal injury attorneys and trial lawyers have attacked the food industry with numerous lawsuits alleging that these businesses should pay monetary damages to those who, of their own accord, consume too much of a legal, safe product.
Kolkata is a great city, has great food and great people. We had some problems finding the kind of old buildings we were looking for, and even handling the crowds, but on the whole it was fun shooting there.
Most of the food imported to Russia came from China.
Stewardesses are still paid so little that in many cases, new hires qualify for food stamps.
Shkoff' is to eat. 'Shkiaff' is to slap. Like, 'Gettouttahere I'm gonna give you a couple of shkiaffs,' or, 'Forget presentation, just shkiaff the food onto the plate.
We got Martha Stewart legitimizing homemaking for her generation, and then there's this return to being interested in all things home, lifestyle, and food again. I think this generation is less about the frills and more about the flavor of things.
You know, we don't have any decorative sprigs of rosemary we're not placing little matchstick radishes onto an hors d'oeuvre... The food's gotta taste good. The concept's gotta taste good.
I grew up in a food-obsessed Italian family, so food was always front and center in my life. I was a food obsessed person who morphed into a comedian and tried to figure out a way to make fun of my cake and eat it too.
Julia Child wasn't afraid to have fun. She made fantastic food but knew how to have a good time and not be too stuck up about the kitchen space.
I feel if I'm healthy and happy, I look good. With a good mixture of fitness and healthy food I always feel great!
If you go out to dinner with someone, you find out what they prefer in food. We ought to be able to have a conversation to find out what people prefer when it comes to sex.
The only break I ever took was to eat. That's all I did. Work, and then quickly eat something. It became my main pleasure, having access to my comfort food.
I don't always buy organic food. It is more expensive.
I've always preferred food be on the blander side.
Unless everyone grasps the importance of having only two children per couple, wars won't be over just oil anymore, they will be over water and food.
Everyone would be healthier if they didn't eat junk food.
Food compulsion isn't a character disorder it's a chemical disorder.
Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.
I was raised by a lady that was crippled all her life but she did everything for me and she raised me. She washed our clothes, cooked our food, she did everything for us. I don't think I ever heard her complain a day in her life. She taught me responsibility towards my brother and sisters and the community.
Nobody had ever told me junk food was bad for me. Four years of medical school, and four years of internship and residency, and I never thought anything was wrong with eating sweet rolls and doughnuts, and potatoes, and bread, and sweets.
I think things like food, the food of the south is sort of the common tie that binds us all, Black and White, the sense memories. It's a very particular part of the country.
I adore food and always have.
I got into shape because I took kick-boxing lessons every day to prepare for a fight scene with Taylor Lautner. I really wanted to lie down and eat Chinese food, but I kick-boxed every morning and ran. If someone was filming you with your kit off, you'd do the same thing.
If you need food stamps, you should meet the criteria.
If we as a society are willing to have a preference for organic food, the farmer can pass on the savings.
I'm very proud of my Nigerian heritage. I wasn't fortunate enough to be raised in a heavy Nigerian environment, because my parents were always working. My father was with D.C. Cabs and my mother worked in fast food and was a nurse.
I can pretty much live without fast food. I haven't eaten McDonald's in so long, but it's okay.
We lived in a one-bedroom apartment in Northwest D.C. I was essentially raised by a Panamanian man and a Jamaican woman. That's why I have such a fascination with Jamaican food.
I live in a kind of gay bubble. I live in a gay house, I drive a gay car. I eat gay food.
It is easier to have faith that God will support each House of Hospitality and Farming Commune and supply our needs in the way of food and money to pay bills, than it is to keep a strong, hearty, living faith in each individual around us - to see Christ in him.
When the show is over we still have to pay our rent, we have to buy food. We have to do all the same things that you do.
I love potatoes - they're my favorite food.
Food in Chicago is the best.
I love good food. I'm an epicurean, that's for sure... But I am not really a good cook.
End-of-the-world stories tend to ring true. I've always been drawn to them, but as I wrote my own, I found surprising pleasure in creating a world that is so radically changed, yet where there's so much meaning and value in every small and ordinary thing we have, and take for granted: hot showers, enough food, friends, routines.
We believe that God is big enough to give every nationality their own religion, as he's given them their own taste in food, in plants, in furniture, and housing. I think that each religion has their basic Christ-ish way to get to the Everlasting God.
While it is true that we must seek value added industries like food processing plants and call center operations, we must do what is necessary to expand and develop our economic profile.
I was an organizer in the Food, Agricultural and Tobacco Workers Union down in North Carolina.
I was always getting run-down from jet lag and being in strange towns where I didn't speak the language or know what the food was like.
Understanding where your food comes from, trying to bolster local farmers and local economies and having a better connection to the food around you and the people around you, only good can come of that. I love to be involved with things like that.
It's like spicy food - sometimes you have to tone it down so more people can enjoy it.
In our short walks we passed the kitchen where food was prepared for the nurses and doctors. There we got glimpses of melons and grapes and all kinds of fruits, beautiful white bread and nice meats, and the hungry feeling would be increased tenfold.
How large and varied is the educational bill of fare set before every young gentleman in Great Britain and to judge by the mental stamina it affords him in most cases, what a waste of good food it is!
I don't believe in depriving myself of any food or being imprisoned by a diet.
I hate to say it, but the older you get, you really do have to cut down on the amount you eat. Less food and less portions.
Japan is the most intoxicating place for me. In Kyoto, there's an inn called the Tawaraya which is quite extraordinary. The Japanese culture fascinates me: the food, the dress, the manners and the traditions. It's the travel experience that has moved me the most.
I don't try to match wine with food, I just drink what I like. And I think a lot of people are going towards that now, which never used to be in the past.
As it has been told to me, my Dad had some kind of deal with Dick Clark. But when we got here, that fell through. So we were out here with no job, no furniture, no food.
My very first job was a cashier at Burger King in Tucson, Arizona. And I occasionally worked the drive-thru. I'd go wherever I was needed! My second job was at Dairy Queen. I stayed in the fast food royalty.
Southeast Asia food uses many different types of spices which are quite new to me, like the curry leaves which I saw at the Kreta Ayer wet market in Chinatown. With such spices used in cooking, this usually imparts a strong aroma to Southeast Asian food, which appeals to the senses.
I like a well-roasted rotisserie chicken and eggs cooked various ways, like sunny-side up or scrambled. It's comfort food for me.
The simpler the food, the harder it is to prepare it well. You want to truly taste what it is you're eating. So that goes back to the trend of fine ingredients. It's very Japanese: Preparing good ingredients very simply, without distractions from the flavor of the ingredient itself.
I am very honored for all the distinctions and accolades, but what I am most sensitive to is my clientele and the fact they are pleased with my food and my restaurants.
We the chefs have a responsibility to learn about the chemical makeup of food!
Taste is developed by the diversity of the products one can sample. I think our children today may be missing an education about food. We must teach them to know their cuisine and to know the equilibrium of nourishment. That is very important for health.
If we do not change our negative habits toward climate change, we can count on worldwide disruptions in food production, resulting in mass migration, refugee crises and increased conflict over scarce natural resources like water and farm land. This is a recipe for major security problems.
For all the concern about bodies and weight, 'Baywatch' has three huge catering trucks on the set at all times. One for entrees, one appetizers and one for junk food.
James Bond is quite serious about his drinks and clothing and cigarettes and food and all that sort of thing. There is nothing wry or amused about James Bond.
After my pregnancy, I discovered I have an allergy to yeast. Problem is, all the food I love has yeast in it. So I have to relearn how to cook.
One must know combinations, one must have a true knowledge of food to be in the moment.
Penn State is a leader in food science.
We all thought of chicken as lean, protein-rich food that's good for weight watching, but the truth is chicken might actually be making us fatter!
We talk about, you know, diet and that we shouldn't give our kids big things and obesity and fast food. Well, you know there are people who don't have that problem because they're not getting any food! We have so many deep problems and issues facing humanity.
I think that food ties us to our community and our traditions, and it's the thing that makes us feel good and connected.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate only love can do that.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it.
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well.
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future.
I can forgive, but I cannot forget, is only another way of saying, I will not forgive. Forgiveness ought to be like a cancelled note - torn in two, and burned up, so that it never can be shown against one.
Forgiveness is a virtue of the brave.
He that cannot forgive others breaks the bridge over which he must pass himself for every man has need to be forgiven.
People can be more forgiving than you can imagine. But you have to forgive yourself. Let go of what's bitter and move on.
Forgiveness is the final form of love.
Forgiveness is the economy of the heart... forgiveness saves the expense of anger, the cost of hatred, the waste of spirits.
When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bicycle. Then I realised that the Lord doesn't work that way so I stole one and asked Him to forgive me.
How does one know if she has forgiven? You tend to feel sorrow over the circumstance instead of rage, you tend to feel sorry for the person rather than angry with him. You tend to have nothing left to say about it all.
To err is human to forgive, divine.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you.
Forgotten is forgiven.
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable.
Forgiveness means letting go of the past.
The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius.
Forgiveness is the remission of sins. For it is by this that what has been lost, and was found, is saved from being lost again.
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.
If there is something to pardon in everything, there is also something to condemn.
The practice of forgiveness is our most important contribution to the healing of the world.
Forgiveness is the answer to the child's dream of a miracle by which what is broken is made whole again, what is soiled is made clean again.
Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting.
One forgives to the degree that one loves.
To be social is to be forgiving.
The ineffable joy of forgiving and being forgiven forms an ecstasy that might well arouse the envy of the gods.
Man has two great spiritual needs. One is for forgiveness. The other is for goodness.
Forgiveness is a gift you give yourself.
Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.
Once a woman has forgiven her man, she must not reheat his sins for breakfast.
When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
Selfishness must always be forgiven you know, because there is no hope of a cure.
It takes one person to forgive, it takes two people to be reunited.
It's said in Hollywood that you should always forgive your enemies - because you never know when you'll have to work with them.
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.
There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness.
Without forgiveness, there's no future.
Genuine forgiveness does not deny anger but faces it head-on.
Forgiveness is like faith. You have to keep reviving it.
Humanity is never so beautiful as when praying for forgiveness, or else forgiving another.
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
God will forgive me. It's his job.
Forgive, son men are men they needs must err.
How unhappy is he who cannot forgive himself.
Forgive many things in others nothing in yourself.
My desire is to be a forgiving, non-judgmental person.
The ability to forgive is one of man's greatest achievements.
Life is an adventure in forgiveness.
It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
I do not bring forgiveness with me, nor forgetfulness. The only ones who can forgive are dead the living have no right to forget.
It is very east to forgive others their mistakes it takes more grit and gumption to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
Forgiveness is the giving, and so the receiving, of life.
To understand is to forgive, even oneself.
It's far easier to forgive an enemy after you've got even with him.
I shall be an autocrat, that's my trade and the good Lord will forgive me, that's his.
All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives.
Holding on to anger, resentment and hurt only gives you tense muscles, a headache and a sore jaw from clenching your teeth. Forgiveness gives you back the laughter and the lightness in your life.
Forgiveness is not always easy. At times, it feels more painful than the wound we suffered, to forgive the one that inflicted it. And yet, there is no peace without forgiveness.
If there are dreams about a beautiful South Africa, there are also roads that lead to their goal. Two of these roads could be named Goodness and Forgiveness.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
Reversing your treatment of the man you have wronged is better than asking his forgiveness.
Forgiveness is God's command.
Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons.
When I am able to resist the temptation to judge others, I can see them as teachers of forgiveness in my life, reminding me that I can only have peace of mind when I forgive rather than judge.
Anger ventilated often hurries towards forgiveness anger concealed often hardens into revenge.
The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness.
Forgiveness is not a feeling - it's a decision we make because we want to do what's right before God. It's a quality decision that won't be easy and it may take time to get through the process, depending on the severity of the offense.
God pardons like a mother, who kisses the offense into everlasting forgiveness.
Inner peace can be reached only when we practice forgiveness. Forgiveness is letting go of the past, and is therefore the means for correcting our misperceptions.
Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning.
The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness.
Nothing inspires forgiveness quite like revenge.
Every year during their High Holy Days, the Jewish community reminds us all of our need for repentance and forgiveness.
Here is the amazing thing about Easter the Resurrection Sunday for Christians is this, that Christ in the dying moments on the cross gives us the greatest illustration of forgiveness possible.
For me, forgiveness and compassion are always linked: how do we hold people accountable for wrongdoing and yet at the same time remain in touch with their humanity enough to believe in their capacity to be transformed?
Forgiveness is an act of the will, and the will can function regardless of the temperature of the heart.
Without forgiveness life is governed by... an endless cycle of resentment and retaliation.
I deepen my experience of God through prayer, meditation, and forgiveness.
You've just got to have a sense of respect for the person you have children with. Anger doesn't help anybody. Ultimately you have to say forgiveness is important, and honoring what you had together is important. But it's easy to say and harder to do.
If only I wasn't an atheist, I could get away with anything. You'd just ask for forgiveness and then you'd be forgiven. It sounds much better than having to live with guilt.
In the evening of life we shall be judged on love, and not one of us is going to come off very well, and were it not for my absolute faith in the loving forgiveness of my Lord I could not call on him to come.
Because forgiveness is like this: a room can be dank because you have closed the windows, you've closed the curtains. But the sun is shining outside, and the air is fresh outside. In order to get that fresh air, you have to get up and open the window and draw the curtains apart.
The first step in forgiveness is the willingness to forgive.
I believe in the forgiveness of sin and the redemption of ignorance.
Forgiveness is about empowering yourself, rather than empowering your past.
I have to ask Allah's forgiveness and not get angry, because they come to me out of love, and it's not fitting that I should turn to them in hatred.
We think that forgiveness is weakness, but it's absolutely not it takes a very strong person to forgive.
Murder is unique in that it abolishes the party it injures, so that society has to take the place of the victim and on his behalf demand atonement or grant forgiveness it is the one crime in which society has a direct interest.
I realized that it's all really one, that John Lennon was correct. We utilize the music to bring down the walls of Berlin, to bring up the force of compassion and forgiveness and kindness between Palestines, Hebrews. Bring down the walls here in San Diego, Tijuana, Cuba.
I did a lot of things that I regretted and I certainly paid for my mistakes. You have to go and ask for forgiveness and it wasn't until I really started doing good and doing right, by other people as well as myself, that I really started to feel that guilt go away. So I don't have a problem going to sleep at night.
The fact is there is forgiveness for those who seek God. And I believe in the power of redemption.
I think the first step is to understand that forgiveness does not exonerate the perpetrator. Forgiveness liberates the victim. It's a gift you give yourself.
Soon I realized that if beauty equalled forgiveness, I was never going to be forgiven.
We cannot embrace God's forgiveness if we are so busy clinging to past wounds and nursing old grudges.
Forgiveness to the injured does belong but they ne'er pardon who have done wrong.
God's forgiveness allows us to be honest with ourselves. We recognize our imperfections, admit our failures, and plead to God for clemency.
If Jesus Christ was who He claimed to be, and He did die on a cross at a point of time in history, then, for all history past and all history future it is relevant because that is the very focal point for forgiveness and redemption.
We win by tenderness. We conquer by forgiveness.
The schools would fail through their silence, the Church through its forgiveness, and the home through the denial and silence of the parents. The new generation has to hear what the older generation refuses to tell it.
It is always the case that when the Christian looks back, he is looking at the forgiveness of sins.
I find forgiveness to be really healthy.
My desire is to stand up and brush myself off when I make mistakes and ask for forgiveness.
Forgiveness really is so misunderstood, as well as the power it can release in an individual.
I think it's important to remember that Christianity was based in love and tolerance and forgiveness and acceptance.
I think we learn the most from imperfect relationships - things like forgiveness and compassion.
On a level of simple personal survival, understanding and forgiveness are crucial... whether in an intimate personal relationship or on a global level.
When there's that forgiveness present and compassion, it just helps you live so much easier.
Forgiveness is indifference. Forgiveness is impossible while love lasts.
Mitt Romney
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life.
Whenever men take the law into their own hands, the loser is the law. And when the law loses, freedom languishes.
To say that any people are not fit for freedom, is to make poverty their choice, and to say they had rather be loaded with taxes than not.
There are necessary evils. Money is an important thing in terms of representing freedom in our world. And now I have a daughter to think about. It's really the first time I've thought about the future and what it could be.
Posterity: you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it.
Perhaps religious conscience upsets the designs of those who feel that the highest wisdom and authority comes from government. But from the beginning, this nation trusted in God, not man. Religious liberty is the first freedom in our Constitution.
Ultimately, America's answer to the intolerant man is diversity, the very diversity which our heritage of religious freedom has inspired.
Religious freedom opens a door for Americans that is closed to too many others around the world. But whether we walk through that door, and what we do with our lives after we do, is up to us.
Freedom. Freedom of religion. Freedom to speak their mind. Freedom to build a life. And yes, freedom to build a business. With their own hands. This is the essence of the American experience.
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
You don't have freedom because you are a hyphenated American you have freedom because you are an individual, and that should be protected.
We can be thankful to a friend for a few acres, or a little money and yet for the freedom and command of the whole earth, and for the great benefits of our being, our life, health, and reason, we look upon ourselves as under no obligation.
A man may be a pessimistic determinist before lunch and an optimistic believer in the will's freedom after it.
They won't break me because the desire for freedom, and the freedom of the Irish people, is in my heart. The day will dawn when all the people of Ireland will have the desire for freedom to show. It is then that we will see the rising of the moon.
And let me make this very clear - unlike President Obama, I will not raise taxes on the middle class. As president, I will protect the sanctity of life. I will honor the institution of marriage. And I will guarantee America's first liberty: the freedom of religion.
We still believe in the America that is a land of opportunity and a beacon of freedom. We believe in the America that challenges each of us to be better and bigger than ourselves.
Since Castro took power, the Cuban people have been denied basic human freedoms. No freedom of religion, no freedom of the press, no political freedom. And the regime uses brutality and violence to suppress these freedoms and impose its will.
Your true traveller finds boredom rather agreeable than painful. It is the symbol of his liberty - his excessive freedom. He accepts his boredom, when it comes, not merely philosophically, but almost with pleasure.
Every friend of freedom must be as revolted as I am by the prospect of turning the United States into an armed camp, by the vision of jails filled with casual drug users and of an army of enforcers empowered to invade the liberty of citizens on slight evidence.
We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought.
Back a hundred years ago, especially around Woodrow Wilson, what happened in this country is we took freedom and we chopped it into pieces.
When one makes a Revolution, one cannot mark time one must always go forward - or go back. He who now talks about the 'freedom of the press' goes backward, and halts our headlong course towards Socialism.
Pakistan not only means freedom and independence but the Muslim Ideology which has to be preserved, which has come to us as a precious gift and treasure and which, we hope other will share with us.
The words spoken by the leader of the free world can expand the frontiers of freedom or shrink them. When Ronald Reagan called on Gorbachev to 'tear down this wall,' a surge of confidence rose that would ultimately breach the bounds of the evil empire.
Make no mistake, in this campaign, I will offer the American ideals of economic freedom a clear and unapologetic defense.
President Obama orders religious organizations to violate their conscience. I will defend religious liberty and overturn regulations that trample on our first freedom.
I don't want to transform America. I want to restore to America the economic values of freedom and opportunity and limited government that has made us the powerhouse of the world.
The secret of freedom lies in educating people, whereas the secret of tyranny is in keeping them ignorant.
The worst enemy of life, freedom and the common decencies is total anarchy their second worst enemy is total efficiency.
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.
I believe all Americans who believe in freedom, tolerance and human rights have a responsibility to oppose bigotry and prejudice based on sexual orientation.
There can be no real freedom without the freedom to fail.
Freedom in art, freedom in society, this is the double goal towards which all consistent and logical minds must strive.
The only way that has ever been discovered to have a lot of people cooperate together voluntarily is through the free market. And that's why it's so essential to preserving individual freedom.
No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare.
When people talk of the freedom of writing, speaking or thinking I cannot choose but laugh. No such thing ever existed. No such thing now exists but I hope it will exist. But it must be hundreds of years after you and I shall write and speak no more.
Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate.
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.
The more decisions that you are forced to make alone, the more you are aware of your freedom to choose.
Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.
You don't have to be a man to fight for freedom. All you have to do is to be an intelligent human being.
Emancipation from the bondage of the soil is no freedom for the tree.
Freedom from the desire for an answer is essential to the understanding of a problem.
There is nothing wrong with America that faith, love of freedom, intelligence, and energy of her citizens cannot cure.
I know but one freedom, and that is the freedom of the mind.
Freedom is not something that one people can bestow on another as a gift. Thy claim it as their own and none can keep it from them.
Analysis does not set out to make pathological reactions impossible, but to give the patient's ego freedom to decide one way or another.
Pervading nationalism imposes its dominion on man today in many different forms and with an aggressiveness that spares no one. The challenge that is already with us is the temptation to accept as true freedom what in reality is only a new form of slavery.
A major source of objection to a free economy is precisely that group thinks they ought to want. Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.
Freedom is the most contagious virus known to man.
Freedom in general may be defined as the absence of obstacles to the realization of desires.
Shall I tell you what the real evil is? To cringe to the things that are called evils, to surrender to them our freedom, in defiance of which we ought to face any suffering.
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.
Fear is not in the habit of speaking truth when perfect sincerity is expected, perfect freedom must be allowed nor has anyone who is apt to be angry when he hears the truth any cause to wonder that he does not hear it.
Freedom of opinion can only exist when the government thinks itself secure.
Both the American people and nations that censor the internet should understand that our government is committed to helping promote internet freedom.
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom, and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money that it values more, it will lose that too.
We gain freedom when we have paid the full price.
I know of no country in which there is so little independence of mind and real freedom of discussion as in America.
Perhaps the fact that we have seen millions voting themselves into complete dependence on a tyrant has made our generation understand that to choose one's government is not necessarily to secure freedom.
The family is the test of freedom because the family is the only thing that the free man makes for himself and by himself.
Freedom is not procured by a full enjoyment of what is desired, but by controlling the desire.
Freedom means the right of people to assemble, organize, and debate openly.
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes.
Freedom is a possession of inestimable value.
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate.
Freedom comes only to those who no longer ask of life that it shall yield them any of those personal goods that are subject to the mutations of time.
Only our individual faith in freedom can keep us free.
How often I have found that we grow to maturity not by doing what we like, but by doing what we should. How true it is that not every 'should' is a compulsion, and not every 'like' is a high morality and true freedom.
Just living is not enough. One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.
Freedom - to walk free and own no superior.
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.
Freedom itself was attacked this morning by a faceless coward, and freedom will be defended.
History has taught us over and over again that freedom is not free. When push comes to shove, the ultimate protectors of freedom and liberty are the brave men and women in our armed forces. Throughout our history, they've answered the call in bravery and sacrifice.
The end of law is not to abolish or restrain, but to preserve and enlarge freedom. For in all the states of created beings capable of law, where there is no law, there is no freedom.
Everywhere that freedom stirs, let tyrants fear.
History suggests that capitalism is a necessary condition for political freedom. Clearly it is not a sufficient condition.
A filmmaker has almost the same freedom as a novelist has when he buys himself some paper.
In this possibly terminal phase of human existence, democracy and freedom are more than just ideals to be valued - they may be essential to survival.
The greatest threat to freedom is the absence of criticism.
When there is state there can be no freedom, but when there is freedom there will be no state.
We seek peace, knowing that peace is the climate of freedom.
Governments that block the aspirations of their people, that steal or are corrupt, that oppress and torture or that deny freedom of expression and human rights should bear in mind that they will find it increasingly hard to escape the judgement of their own people, or where warranted, the reach of international law.
We cannot defend freedom abroad by deserting it at home.
Americans admire a people who can scratch a desert and produce a garden. The Israelis have shown qualities that Americans identify with: guts, patriotism, idealism, a passion for freedom. I have seen it. I know. I believe that.
Any nation that thinks more of its ease and comfort than its freedom will soon lose its freedom and the ironical thing about it is that it will lose its ease and comfort too.
I begin to feel like most Americans don't understand the First Amendment, don't understand the idea of freedom of speech, and don't understand that it's the responsibility of the citizen to speak out.
The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage.
Liberals, it has been said, are generous with other peoples' money, except when it comes to questions of national survival when they prefer to be generous with other people's freedom and security.
The intense happiness of our union is derived in a high degree from the perfect freedom with which we each follow and declare our own impressions.
Human beings the world over need freedom and security that they may be able to realize their full potential.
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams.
I come bearing an olive branch in one hand, and the freedom fighter's gun in the other. Do not let the olive branch fall from my hand.
Who is more to be pitied, a writer bound and gagged by policemen or one living in perfect freedom who has nothing more to say?
Personal identity seems like it's just such an American archetype, from Holly Golightly re-inventing herself in 'Breakfast At Tiffany's' to Jay Gatsby in 'The Great Gatsby.' It seems like the sort of archetypal American issue. If you're given the freedom to be anything, or be anyone, what do you do with it?
Satisfaction consists in freedom from pain, which is the positive element of life.
A just laicism allows religious freedom. The state does not impose religion but rather gives space to religions with a responsibility toward civil society, and therefore it allows these religions to be factors in building up society.
As soon as laws are necessary for men, they are no longer fit for freedom.
Power in defense of freedom is greater than power in behalf of tyranny and oppression.
One of the interesting things here is that the people who should be shaping the future are politicians. But the political framework itself is so dead and closed that people look to other sources, like artists, because art and music allow people a certain freedom.
No protracted war can fail to endanger the freedom of a democratic country.
I keep telling myself to calm down, to take less of an interest in things and not to get so excited, but I still care a lot about liberty, freedom of speech and expression, and fairness in journalism.
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.
We are willing enough to praise freedom when she is safely tucked away in the past and cannot be a nuisance. In the present, amidst dangers whose outcome we cannot foresee, we get nervous about her, and admit censorship.
We have convinced over one billion members of the Islamic faith that we are prejudiced against their religion, that we would deny them freedom of religion, that we want suppress their culture and invade their governments.
Freedom does not come without a price. We may sometimes take for granted the many liberties we enjoy in America, but they have all been earned through the ultimate sacrifice paid by so many of the members of our armed forces.
To become self-aware, people must be allowed to hear a plurality of opinions and then make up their own minds. They must be allowed to say, write and publish whatever they want. Freedom of expression is the most basic, but fundamental, right. Without it, human beings are reduced to automatons.
Freedom is a right ultimately defended by the sacrifice of America's servicemen and women.
There are days when solitude is a heady wine that intoxicates you with freedom, others when it is a bitter tonic, and still others when it is a poison that makes you beat your head against the wall.
I had crossed the line. I was free but there was no one to welcome me to the land of freedom. I was a stranger in a strange land.
No amount of political freedom will satisfy the hungry masses.
A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad.
Before anything else, we need a new age of Enlightenment. Our present political systems must relinquish their claims on truth, justice and freedom and have to replace them with the search for truth, justice, freedom and reason.
The course of this conflict is not known, yet its outcome is certain. Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know that God is not neutral between them.
My desire to curtail undue freedom of speech extends only to such public areas as restaurants, airports, streets, hotel lobbies, parks, and department stores. Verbal exchanges between consenting adults in private are as of little interest to me as they probably are to them.
The hope and change the Democrats had in mind was nothing more than a retread of the failed and discredited socialist policies that have been the enemy of freedom for centuries all over the world. I fear America is teetering towards tyranny.
I am a lover of truth, a worshipper of freedom, a celebrant at the altar of language and purity and tolerance.
A state that suppresses all freedom of speech, and which by imposing the most terrible punishments, treats each and every attempt at criticism, however morally justified, and every suggestion for improvement as plotting to high treason, is a state that breaks an unwritten law.
Unnecessary possessions are unnecessary burdens. If you have them, you have to take care of them! There is great freedom in simplicity of living. It is those who have enough but not too much who are the happiest.
So long as you do not achieve social liberty, whatever freedom is provided by the law is of no avail to you.
You measure a democracy by the freedom it gives its dissidents, not the freedom it gives its assimilated conformists.
Freedom and order are not incompatible... truth is strength... free discussion is the very life of truth.
In my youth I stressed freedom, and in my old age I stress order. I have made the great discovery that liberty is a product of order.
America's greatness has been the greatness of a free people who shared certain moral commitments. Freedom without moral commitment is aimless and promptly self-destructive.
America is a model of force and freedom and moderation - with all the coarseness and rudeness of its people.
The wisest use of American strength is to advance freedom.
Freedom would be not to choose between black and white but to abjure such prescribed choices.
Punk has always been about doing things your own way. What it represents for me is ultimate freedom and a sense of individuality.
I love music. It's freedom, a way to deal with pent-up frustration.
For us democracy is a question of human dignity. And human dignity is political freedom.
Only people who have been allowed to practise freedom can have the grown-up look in their eyes.
The United Nations is designed to make possible lasting freedom and independence for all its members.
No slavery can be abolished without a double emancipation, and the master will benefit by freedom more than the freed-man.
The only freedom I care about is the freedom to do right the freedom to do wrong I am ready to part with on the cheapest terms to anyone who will take it of me.
Justice is never given it is exacted and the struggle must be continuous for freedom is never a final fact, but a continuing evolving process to higher and higher levels of human, social, economic, political and religious relationship.
While the State exists there can be no freedom when there is freedom there will be no State.
Even before I knew I was gay, I knew I didn't want to have a child. I knew I didn't want to have one. I never want to have to release it from me. Listen, I love babies. I love children. And I melt when I'm around them. I also love my freedom and I love that I can sleep at night.
Fiction is such a world of freedom, it's wonderful. If you want someone to fly, they can fly.
If one more 'journalist' makes a cavalier statement about me and my band, I will personally or with my fans' help, greet them at their home and discover just how much they believe in their freedom of speech.
We will not be intimidated or pushed off the world stage by people who do not like what we stand for, and that is, freedom, democracy and the fight against disease, poverty and terrorism.
Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.
The freedom to fail is vital if you're going to succeed. Most successful people fail from time to time, and it is a measure of their strength that failure merely propels them into some new attempt at success.
I believe that God has planted in every heart the desire to live in freedom.
American and Israel share a special bond. Our relationship is unique among all nations. Like America, Israel is a strong democracy, a symbol of freedom, and an oasis of liberty, a home to the oppressed and persecuted.
All people hope Islam helps everything in life. Islam will make jobs. Islam will make freedom. Islam will make everything.
There are two good things in life - freedom of thought and freedom of action.
As we look forward to freedom, the shining city on the hill and the best days of America lying ahead, it is the men and women in uniform who protect, defend and make us proud to whom we should look and give thanks every night.
To be able to love and live in freedom means to be able to make godly decisions. To make godly decisions we have to surrender our egos and all the falsity and shame that goes with it.
The momentum of freedom in our world is unmistakable - and it is not carried forward by our power alone. We can trust in that greater power Who guides the unfolding of the years. And in all that is to come, we can know that His purposes are just and true.
Freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of religion all have a double aspect - freedom of thought and freedom of action.
Anywhere, anytime ordinary people are given the chance to choose, the choice is the same: freedom, not tyranny democracy, not dictatorship the rule of law, not the rule of the secret police.
Much literary criticism comes from people for whom extreme specialization is a cover for either grave cerebral inadequacy or terminal laziness, the latter being a much cherished aspect of academic freedom.
You can't put democracy and freedom back into a box.
How does the Meadow flower its bloom unfold? Because the lovely little flower is free down to its root, and in that freedom bold.
Freedom of speech is always under attack by Fascist mentality, which exists in all parts of the world, unfortunately.
Racism is a refuge for the ignorant. It seeks to divide and to destroy. It is the enemy of freedom, and deserves to be met head-on and stamped out.
Struggle is a never ending process. Freedom is never really won, you earn it and win it in every generation.
Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development.
True freedom is where an individual's thoughts and actions are in alignment with that which is true, correct, and of honor - no matter the personal price.
To enjoy freedom we have to control ourselves.
Men who want to support women in our struggle for freedom and justice should understand that it is not terrifically important to us that they learn to cry it is important to us that they stop the crimes of violence against us.
Novelists have always had complete freedom to pretty much tell their story any way they saw fit. And that's what I'm trying to do.
Our society is illuminated by the spiritual insights of the Hebrew prophets. America and Israel have a common love of human freedom, and they have a common faith in a democratic way of life.
A political prisoner is someone who is out fighting for his or her people's rights and freedom and is imprisoned for that alone.
Today's Constitution is a realistic document of freedom only because of several corrective amendments. Those amendments speak to a sense of decency and fairness that I and other Blacks cherish.
True independence and freedom can only exist in doing what's right.
I am conservative with a small 'c.' It's possible to be conservative in fiscal policy, and tolerant on moral issues or questions of freedom of expression.
Freedom granted only when it is known beforehand that its effects will be beneficial is not freedom.
Analysis gave me great freedom of emotions and fantastic confidence. I felt I had served my time as a puppet.
In South Africa, we could not have achieved our freedom and just peace without the help of people around the world, who through the use of non-violent means, such as boycotts and divestment, encouraged their governments and other corporate actors to reverse decades-long support for the Apartheid regime.
Pleasure and freedom from pain, are the only things desirable as ends.
Look, freedom is an overwhelming American notion. The idea that we want to see the world, the peoples of the world free is something that all of us subscribe to.
We must face the fact that the preservation of individual freedom is incompatible with a full satisfaction of our views of distributive justice.
Thought takes man out of servitude, into freedom.
Art gives me the freedom I don't have when I make music.
For all who love freedom and peace, the world without Saddam Hussein's regime is a better and safer place.
The terrorists are fighting freedom with all their cunning and cruelty because freedom is their greatest fear - and they should be afraid, because freedom is on the march.
The road to freedom lies not through mysteries or occult performances, but through the intelligent use of natural forces and laws.
That's what we do in this country. That's the American Dream. That's freedom, and I'll take it any day over the supervision and sanctimony of the central planners.
I don't like definitions, but if there is a definition of freedom, it would be when you have control over your reality to transform it, to change it, rather than having it imposed upon you. You can't really ask for more than.
God tolerates even our stammering, and pardons our ignorance whenever something inadvertently escapes us - as, indeed, without this mercy there would be no freedom to pray.
A nation which makes the final sacrifice for life and freedom does not get beaten.
When you're not concerned with succeeding, you can work with complete freedom.
Secrecy is the freedom tyrants dream of.
Watching President Obama apologize last week for America's arrogance - before a French audience that owes its freedom to the sacrifices of Americans - helped convince me that he has a deep-seated antipathy toward American values and traditions.
Art requires neither complaisance nor politeness nothing but faith, faith and freedom.
Our culture is just a series of checks and balances. The whole idea that we're in a battle between tyranny and freedom - it's a series of pendulum swings.
But if you can create an honorable livelihood, where you take your skills and use them and you earn a living from it, it gives you a sense of freedom and allows you to balance your life the way you want.
But, I don't think any arranger should ever write a drum part for a drummer because if a drummer can't create his own Interpretation of the chart and he plays everything that's written, he becomes mechanical he has no freedom.
The degree of freedom from unwanted thoughts and the degree of concentration on a single thought are the measures to gauge spiritual progress.
Freedom is always and exclusively freedom for the one who thinks differently.
Back then I didn't think a woman like that, or a relationship like that, could exist with complete freedom and no jealousy or possessiveness. I thought it sounded too good to be true and I was certainly convinced it wasn't the life for me!
I think this society suffers so much from too much freedom, too many rights that allow people to be irresponsible.
But I found that disappointing people is a good thing, because disapproval is freedom.
It is easy to believe in freedom of speech for those with whom we agree.
America, to me, is freedom.
The new freedom of expression brought by the Internet goes far beyond politics. People relate to each other in new ways, posing questions about how we should respond to people when all that we know about them is what we have learned through a medium that permits all kinds of anonymity and deception.
The man form is higher than the angel form of all forms it is the highest. Man is the highest being in creation, because he aspires to freedom.
What is the conservative movement? It's pretty straightforward. We believe that the way prosperity is created is when people have the freedom and the opportunity to pursue their dreams.
Many politicians are in the habit of laying it down as a self-evident proposition that no people ought to be free till they are fit to use their freedom. The maxim is worthy of the fool in the old story who resolved not to go into the water till he had learned to swim.
Here's a nation, one of the founding pillars was freedom of speech and freedom of expression. And yet, we have imposed upon people restrictions on what they can say, on what they can think. And the media is the largest proponent of this, crucifying people who say things really quite innocently.
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
The history of the world is none other than the progress of the consciousness of freedom.
Freedom means the opportunity to be what we never thought we would be.
Freedom is fragile and must be protected. To sacrifice it, even as a temporary measure, is to betray it.
No one can enjoy freedom without trembling.
I'm not sure if it's good to have freedom or not. I'm really confused now.
Freedom is not a gift nor does it simply exist for us to have, but rather it is a sacred duty, and its blessed yield of hope is born from none other than the blood of the innocent.
Obedience is detachment from the self. This is the most radical detachment of all. But what is the self? The self is the principle of reason and responsibility in us. It is the root of freedom, it is what makes us men.
What is the essence of America? Finding and maintaining that perfect, delicate balance between freedom 'to' and freedom 'from.'
The precondition to freedom is security.
The best way to enhance freedom in other lands is to demonstrate here that our democratic system is worthy of emulation.
I've used the prestige and influence of having been a president of the United States as effectively as possible. And secondly, I've still been able to carry out my commitments to peace and human rights and environmental quality and freedom and democracy and so forth.
But on average, I go to the gym about four or five times a week. Today, I'm so experienced in training - I'm actually listening to my body now. My body needs freedom. When I train I create serenity and I produce oxygen in my blood. It helps me to think better and relax. By training, you accentuate the problem.
We don't appreciate what we have until it's gone. Freedom is like that. It's like air. When you have it, you don't notice it.
There should be a sympathy with freedom, a desire to give it scope, founded not upon visionary ideas, but upon the long experience of many generations within the shores of this happy isle, that in freedom you lay the firmest foundations both of loyalty and order.
A mere forty years ago, beach volleyball was just beginning. No bureaucrat would have invented it, and that's what freedom is all about.
No cause is left but the most ancient of all, the one, in fact, that from the beginning of our history has determined the very existence of politics, the cause of freedom versus tyranny.
Victorious living does not mean freedom from temptation, nor does it mean freedom from mistakes.
To me, freedom entitles you to do something, not to not do something.
A person is a fool to become a writer. His only compensation is absolute freedom.
And why do we, who say we oppose tyranny and demand freedom of speech, allow people to go to prison and be vilified, and magazines to be closed down on the spot, for suggesting another version of history.
The Jewish festival of freedom is the oldest continuously observed religious ritual in the world. Across the centuries, Passover has never lost its power to inspire the imagination of successive generations of Jews with its annually re-enacted drama of slavery and liberation.
Don't ever dare to take your college as a matter of course - because, like democracy and freedom, many people you'll never know have broken their hearts to get it for you.
The freedom to be an individual is the essence of America.
As a consequence of the victories we have registered during our first ten years of freedom, we have laid a firm foundation for the new advances we must and will make during the next decade.
I've returned to being an amateur without any ties or strings attached, which gives me a freedom I never had before.
In many respects, the United States is a great country. Freedom of speech is protected more than in any other country. It is also a very free society.
Working with HBO was an opportunity to experience creative freedom and 'long-form development' that filmmakers didn't have a chance to do before the emergence of shows like 'The Sopranos.'
Freedom, morality, and the human dignity of the individual consists precisely in this that he does good not because he is forced to do so, but because he freely conceives it, wants it, and loves it.
In a completely sane world, madness is the only freedom.
I felt extremely uncomfortable as the focal point, in the spotlight. I really like the behind the scenes role, because all my freedom is there.
The general interest of the masses might take the place of the insight of genius if it were allowed freedom of action.
When we talk of freedom and opportunity for all nations, the mocking paradoxes in our own society become so clear they can no longer be ignored.
For you who no longer posses it, freedom is everything, for us who do, it is merely an illusion.
Negation is the mind's first freedom, yet a negative habit is fruitful only so long as we exert ourselves to overcome it, adapt it to our needs once acquired it can imprison us.
We chose more freedom instead of more government. We chose the principles of our founding to solve the challenges of our time. We chose a special man to lead us in a special time. We chose Mitt Romney to lead our nation.
I think there's some connection between absolute discipline and absolute freedom.
It is very easy to make clear what you want a film to say, but I did not wish to engage in overt propaganda, even for the right cause. I wanted to create an experience through the films, something where people could have the freedom of their own response to them.
Among the many values in life, I appreciate freedom most.
It is clear that not in one thing alone, but in many ways equality and freedom of speech are a good thing.
And it's one thing to give people freedom and something else to deny the rights of Christians to assert their faith in order to keep Hindus from feeling upset.
The day will dawn when all the people of Ireland will have the desire for freedom to show. It is then we'll see the rising of the moon.
Not to sound overly cheesy but I really appreciate the freedom we have in America - especially as a female.
The political core of any movement for freedom in the society has to have the political imperative to protect free speech.
Among the best traitors Ireland has ever had, Mother Church ranks at the very top, a massive obstacle in the path to equality and freedom. She has been a force for conservatism... to ward off threats to her own security and influence.
It requires greater courage to preserve inner freedom, to move on in one's inward journey into new realms, than to stand defiantly for outer freedom. It is often easier to play the martyr, as it is to be rash in battle.
No people in history have ever survived who thought they could protect their freedom by making themselves inoffensive to their enemies.
Civilization is the order and freedom is promoting cultural activity.
Every therapeutic cure, and still more, any awkward attempt to show the patient the truth, tears him from the cradle of his freedom from responsibility and must therefore reckon with the most vehement resistance.
In health there is freedom. Health is the first of all liberties.
Old age, calm, expanded, broad with the haughty breadth of the universe, old age flowing free with the delicious near-by freedom of death.
Once I know people know who I am, it gives me a lot of licence and freedom to behave in ways I wouldn't normally.
I'm not a drug addict. My wild period wasn't about drugs it was about sexual freedom.
The State is the altar of political freedom and, like the religious altar, it is maintained for the purpose of human sacrifice.
As long as there is rape... there is not going to be any peace or justice or equality or freedom. You are not going to become what you want to become or who you want to become. You are not going to live in the world you want to live in.
There's a certain amount of freedom involved in cycling: you're self-propelled and decide exactly where to go. If you see something that catches your eye to the left, you can veer off there, which isn't so easy in a car, and you can't cover as much ground walking.
The magic of America is that we're a free and open society with a mixed population. Part of our security is our freedom.
The idea that men are created free and equal is both true and misleading: men are created different they lose their social freedom and their individual autonomy in seeking to become like each other.
Freedom cannot be given... It can only be taken away.
I had spent many years pursuing excellence, because that is what classical music is all about... Now it was dedicated to freedom, and that was far more important.
There are lots of people out there who think they know the truth about God and religion, but does anybody really know for sure? That's why the founding fathers built freedom of religious belief into the structure of this nation, so that everybody could make up their minds for themselves.
True freedom requires the rule of law and justice, and a judicial system in which the rights of some are not secured by the denial of rights to others.
But if people want to swim in the Thames, if they want to take their lives into their own hands, then they should be able to do so with all the freedom and exhilaration of our woad-painted ancestors.
We in the United States should be all the more thankful for the freedom and religious tolerance we enjoy. And we should always remember the lessons learned from the Holocaust, in hopes we stay vigilant against such inhumanity now and in the future.
A nice, easy place for freedom of speech to be eroded is comics, because comics are a natural target whenever an election comes up.
The current total of countries in the world with First Amendments is one. You have guaranteed freedom of speech. Other countries don't have that.
We know there is no such thing as freedom without the risk of failure.
Fortunately, somewhere between chance and mystery lies imagination, the only thing that protects our freedom, despite the fact that people keep trying to reduce it or kill it off altogether.
We need the children of Indonesia and the Philippines to manufacture our freedom of choice.
And we can celebrate when we have a government that has earned back the trust of the people it serves... when we have a government that honors our Constitution and stands up for the values that have made America, America: economic freedom, individual liberty, and personal responsibility.
Hamas is a terrorist organization dedicated to annihilating the Jewish state. It runs a theocratic totalitarian state in Gaza, with no individual liberty, and no freedom of speech or press.
We know what works. Freedom Works. We know what's right. Freedom is right.
To me, the American Dream is being able to follow your own personal calling. To be able to do what you want to do is incredible freedom.
I can remember when Democrats believed that it was the duty of America to fight for freedom over tyranny.
The cause of freedom is not the cause of a race or a sect, a party or a class-it is the cause of human kind, the very birthright of humanity.
We call our country home of the brave and land of the free, but it's not. We give a false portrayal of freedom. We're not free - if we were, we'd allow people their freedom.
The clash of ideas is the sound of freedom.
A lot of people out there pay good lip service to the idea of personal freedom... right up to the point that someone tries to do something that they don't personally approve of.
The Ego is partly free. partly determined, and reaches fuller freedom by approaching the Individual who is most free: God.
Man cannot be free if he does not know that he is subject to necessity, because his freedom is always won in his never wholly successful attempts to liberate himself from necessity.
True human goodness, in all its purity and freedom, can come to the fore only when its recipient has no power.
Hero-worship is strongest where there is least regard for human freedom.
America is just the country that how all the written guarantees in the world for freedom are no protection against tyranny and oppression of the worst kind. There the politician has come to be looked upon as the very scum of society.
What we have at present is a system of loss socialism. Whatever goes wrong is shouldered by the general public and anything that works is privatised. Worshippers of market freedom have suspended the most important economic principle: Risk and liability go hand in hand.
In the literal sense, there has been no relevant evolution since the trek from Africa. But there has been substantial progress towards higher standards of rights, justice and freedom - along with all too many illustrations of how remote is the goal of a decent society.
Political Freedom without economic equality is a pretense, a fraud, a lie and the workers want no lying.
What Churchill described as the twin marauders of war and tyranny have been almost entirely banished from our continent. Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean.
Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean. And while we must never take this for granted, the first purpose of the European Union - to secure peace - has been achieved and we should pay tribute to all those in the EU, alongside Nato, who made that happen.
The enemies of freedom do not argue they shout and they shoot.
It is the people who scream the loudest about America and Freedom who see to be the most intolerant for a differing point of view.
To me, punk rock is the freedom to create, freedom to be successful, freedom to not be successful, freedom to be who you are. It's freedom.
So sometimes the facts are good and sometimes the facts are bad, the important thing from the point of view of a principle as broad and important as freedom of speech is that the courts articulate and set forth in a very protective way what those principles are.
I love to deer hunt and fish and drive down the back roads in my truck. All those things basically equal freedom to me - and not having to return that message or call from my record company or management. At some point, I need to recharge.
Institutions - government, churches, industries, and the like - have properly no other function than to contribute to human freedom and in so far as they fail, on the whole, to perform this function, they are wrong and need reconstruction.
Freedom is such a gift.
It is not the simple statement of facts that ushers in freedom it is the constant repetition of them that has this liberating effect. Tolerance is the result not of enlightenment, but of boredom.
The American dream is about freedom.
Freedom is secured every day by our men and women in uniform. We must build a future worthy of their sacrifice.
The greatest enemy of individual freedom is the individual himself.
I try to give the media as many confusing images as I can to retain my freedom. What's real is for my children and the people I live with.
One of the rewards of success is freedom, the ability to do whatever you like.
Ruin is the destination toward which all men rush, each pursuing his own best interest in a society that believes in the freedom of the commons.
Freedom in a commons brings ruin to all.
Freedom is the emancipation from the arbitrary rule of other men.
The freedom to criticize judges and other public officials is necessary to a vibrant democracy. The problem comes when healthy criticism is replaced with more destructive intimidation and sanctions.
I love the freedom of movement that my phone gives me. That has definitely transformed my life.
Until you have lost your reputation, you never realize what a burden it was or what freedom really is.
It is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.
Ironically, it is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.
I do think there are certain times we should infringe on your freedom.
I'm a multidimensional person and that's the freedom of fashion: that you're able to reinvent yourself through how you dress and how you cut your hair or whatever.
No one who has lived even for a fleeting moment for something other than life in its conventional sense and has experienced the exaltation that this feeling produces can then renounce his new freedom so easily.
Remove advertising, disable a person or firm from proclaiming its wares and their merits, and the whole of society and of the economy is transformed. The enemies of advertising are the enemies of freedom.
Most men, after a little freedom, have preferred authority with the consoling assurances and the economy of effort it brings.
So the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund is out there preserving and fighting for, and sometimes winning and sometimes losing, the fight for First Amendment rights in comics and, more generally, for freedom of speech.
There's a glorious sense of freedom in comedy, just allowing myself to tell jokes, allowing myself to interrupt myself and tell old African folk stories that I made up - or didn't - and Jamaican stories.
The worst enemy of truth and freedom in our society is the compact majority.
The pillars of truth and the pillars of freedom - they are the pillars of society.
Our forefathers got it they got it, man. They took godly principles and they put them into action, and they developed our Constitution - the land of freedom where each man is accountable and responsible for his actions.
The First Amendment freedom of religion is as important today as when the Bill of Rights was first written.
One certain effect of war is to diminish freedom of expression.
Certain things happened in the early church. Women who had never had any freedom suddenly have the ability to stand up and speak and be treated as equals within the life of the church.
Their poverty secured their freedom, since our desires and our possessions are the strongest fetters of despotism.
The only thing money gives you is the freedom of not worrying about money.
When a truth is not given complete freedom, freedom is not complete.
Human beings want to be free and however long they may agree to stay locked up, to stay oppressed, there will come a time when they say 'That's it.' Suddenly they find themselves doing something that they never would have thought they would be doing, simply because of the human instinct that makes them turn their face towards freedom.
We hold our heads high, despite the price we have paid, because freedom is priceless.
Freedom begins as we become conscious of it.
The problem of the world today is the people talk on and on about democracy, freedom, justice. But I don't give a damn about democracy if I am worried about survival.
There must be freedom for all to live, to think, to worship, no book, no avenue must be closed.
Freedom is the by-product of economic surplus.
While Democrats fussed with the details of health care reforms, conservatives spent months telling the nation that the real issue is freedom, that what's on the line is American liberty itself.
There are few things in politics more annoying than the Right's utter conviction that it owns the patent on the word 'freedom' that when its leaders stand up for the rights of banks to be unregulated or capital gains to be untaxed, that it is actually and obviously standing up for human liberty, the noblest cause of them all.
Women are degraded by the propensity to enjoy the present moment, and, at last, despise the freedom which they have not sufficient virtue to struggle to attain.
The condition every art requires is, not so much freedom from restriction, as freedom from adulteration and from the intrusion of foreign matter.
If you are for freedom and equal rights, which we hear a lot of talk about these days, then you have to include the LGBTQ community in that. And if you're not willing to put your time where your mouth is, then I don't know quite what you mean by commitment in your life.
The United States and Israel have a unique relationship based on our mutual commitment to democracy, freedom, and peace. Therefore, just as our commitment to these principles must be steadfast, so must our support for Israel.
Bush is morally a universalist. For instance, he says the freedom is good, the same thing is good, all over the world. So in that sense he's a universalist.
Bush sees the evil as out there in the wider world, residing in people who 'hate freedom'. Look at his immediate response to the pictures of prisoner abuse this is not what Americans do, these are not our values.
Freedom of conscience entails more dangers than authority and despotism.
I really feel that the talent I have is acting. Freedom and the possibility of play-that is what I like to have.
In the beginning, I loved being famous, but now I am tired of it and I would like to go back to my freedom.
The Bill of Rights was intended to secure freedom of speech - the freedom of speech of members of parliament to speak freely rather than be at threat of... the threat of an over powerful monarch at the time.
I will never understand people who think that the way to show their righteous opposition to sexual freedom is to write letters full of filthy words.
Well, the first thing is that truth and power for me form an antithesis, an antagonism, which will hardly ever be resolved. I can define in fact, can simplify the history of human society, the evolution of human society, as a contest between power and freedom.
My grandfather was a man, when he talked about freedom, his attitude was really interesting. His view was that you had obligations or you had responsibilities, and when you fulfilled those obligations or responsibilities, that then gave you the liberty to do other things.
Too much freedom can lead to the soul's decay.
Freedom has a price. Most people aren't willing to pay it.
Great research universities must insist on independence from government and on the exercise of academic freedom.
I was determined to achieve the total freedom that our history lessons taught us we were entitled to, no matter what the sacrifice.
Modernism released us from the constraints of everything that had gone before with a euphoric sense of freedom.
Resist this war on God, freedom of religion and freedom of speech.
I've come to realize that protecting freedom of choice in our everyday lives is essential to maintaining a healthy civil society.
To criticize a person for their race is manifestly irrational and ridiculous, but to criticize their religion, that is a right. That is a freedom.
For the past several years, I have remained what others would consider underground. I did this in order to build a community of people, like-minded in their desire for freedom and the right to pursue their goals and lives without being manipulated and controlled by a media protected military industrial complex with a completely different agenda.
As crucial as religion has been and is to the life of the nation, America's unifying force has never been a specific faith, but a commitment to freedom - not least freedom of conscience.
The spread of freedom is the best security for the free.
But there is a corollary to freedom and that's personal responsibility, and the real challenge is how you generate that personal responsibility without imposing it.
It is a strange fact that freedom and equality, the two basic ideas of democracy, are to some extent contradictory. Logically considered, freedom and equality are mutually exclusive, just as society and the individual are mutually exclusive.
My wife needs her freedom just like me.
You have the freedom to live and let live, to love and let love. Granting yourself that freedom is one of the healthiest, most constructive things you can do for yourself and the people who matter to you.
Beware how you trifle with your marvelous inheritance, this great land of ordered liberty, for if we stumble and fall, freedom and civilization everywhere will go down in ruin.
The Declaration of Independence was always our vision of who we wanted to be, our ideal of freedom and justice, how we were going to be different, and what the American experiment was going to be about.
Her beauty didn't do her any good and she couldn't use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time.
The spirit of truth and the spirit of freedom - these are the pillars of society.
If our freedom is taken, the American dream will wither and die.
Now, one of the most essential branches of English liberty is the freedom of one's house.
The freedom that women were supposed to have found in the Sixties largely boiled down to easy contraception and abortion things to make life easier for men, in fact.
No, my work does not reflect my sexual preferences, it reflects the fact that I feel total freedom as an artist.
I like repressed characters. That gives me a lot of freedom to make a lot of different choices through subtleties.
The work of art is a scream of freedom.
As the fly bangs against the window attempting freedom while the door stands open, so we bang against death ignoring heaven.
Freedom of choice is more to be treasured than any possession earth can give.
You have riches and freedom here but I feel no sense of faith or direction. You have so many computers, why don't you use them in the search for love?
The hope of the nation which throughout the nineteenth century had not for a moment reconciled itself with the loss of independence, and fighting for its own freedom, fought at the same time for the freedom of other nations.
I most sincerely wish that the world in which we live be free from the threat of a nuclear holocaust and from the ruinous arms race. It is my cherished desire that peace be not separated from freedom which is the right of every nation. This I desire and for this I pray.
Freedom must be gained step by step, slowly. Freedom is a food which must be carefully administered when people are too hungry for it.
Freedom is an indivisible word. If we want to enjoy it, and fight for it, we must be prepared to extend it to everyone, whether they are rich or poor, whether they agree with us or not, no matter what their race or the color of their skin.
Freedom requires no effort to enjoy but requires heroic efforts to preserve.
We clearly realize that freedom's inner kingdom cannot be touched by exterior attacks.
If one is going to err, one should err on the side of liberty and freedom.
America's Veterans have served their country with the belief that democracy and freedom are ideals to be upheld around the world.
Music is where I have the most creative freedom, but I love producing. To me, that's kind of where all the action is. You get a chance to have your hands in every aspect of a film. From picking a director, sometimes picking a writer, to the actors, the wardrobe, set design, editing, music, and marketing.
Jobs mean freedom for workers to support their families.
Many will view the compromises that will be made during your negotiations as painful concessions. But why not view them as peace offerings, ones that will provide in return the priceless gifts of hope, security and freedom for our children and our children's?
Rock and roll music - the music of freedom frightens people and unleashes all manner of conservative defense mechanisms.
Freedom is man's capacity to take a hand in his own development. It is our capacity to mold ourselves.
Human freedom involves our capacity to pause, to choose the one response toward which we wish to throw our weight.
You can be a thousand different women. It's your choice which one you want to be. It's about freedom and sovereignty. You celebrate who you are. You say, 'This is my kingdom.'
Israel was born under the British mandate. We learned from the British what democracy means, and how it behaves in a time of danger, war and terror. We thank Britain for introducing freedom and respect of human rights both in normal and demanding circumstances.
When the United States was founded, the very idea of a nation premised on democratic principles of freedom and tolerance was viewed by the vast majority of the world as an experiment doomed to fail. Dictatorships, monarchies, and theocracies had for many centuries ruled the world.
If you don't mind haunting the margins, I think there is more freedom there.
We know from our own history that democratic institutions take decades to mature, and we know from past conflicts that freedom is not free.
If it's total freedom, I guess the ultimate thing you can go into is total silence between the audience and performer, with the performer projecting something he doesn't even have to play.
We know the road to freedom has always been stalked by death.
Freedom from care and anxiety of mind is a blessing, which I apprehend such people enjoy in higher perfection than most others, and is of the utmost consequence.
We all have the right of freedom of speech under the First Amendment. We all don't have to agree with one another on our opinions. Everyone in my circle, that I run around with, we all feel the same about God, country, integrity and character.
Next in importance to freedom and justice is popular education, without which neither freedom nor justice can be permanently maintained.
An almost hysterical antagonism toward the gold standard is one issue which unites statists of all persuasions. They seem to sense... that gold and economic freedom are inseparable.
Any one who wants to live in peace and freedom will be to live by toil, demonstration of high levels of discipline and tolerance for one another.
Laying tracks gives you freedom without being too obvious.
Woe to that nation whose literature is cut short by the intrusion of force. This is not merely interference with freedom of the press but the sealing up of a nation's heart, the excision of its memory.
Bastard Freedom waves Her fustian flag in mockery over slaves.
I think to be - for me to be an American is - you know, it's one of the greatest things in the world for - you know, for me just because I've been able to grow up with everything. The freedom. You know, in my eyes this is the greatest country in the world.
We don't have an Official Secrets Act in the United States, as other countries do. Under the First Amendment, freedom of the press, freedom of speech, and freedom of association are more important than protecting secrets.
Those who write the editorials and those who write the columns, they simply are unaccountable. They're free to impose their cultural politics in the name of freedom of the press.
I believe firmly that in making ethical decisions, man has the prerogative of true freedom of choice.
True freedom is the capacity for acting according to one's true character, to be altogether one's self, to be self-determined and not subject to outside coercion.
Now, do I think there has to be shared sacrifice among other nations in the world who want a stable and secure world? Absolutely, there has to be. But I don't think that America can ever abdicate its leadership role in the world because of who we are and where we've come from. We are the symbol for the world for freedom and liberty.
It is true you cannot eat freedom and you cannot power machinery with democracy. But then neither can political prisoners turn on the light in the cells of a dictatorship.
One man's blasphemy doesn't override other people's free-speech rights, their freedom to publish, freedom of thought.
We must plan for freedom, and not only for security, if for no other reason than that only freedom can make security secure.
If this liberal potential is properly channeled, we may expect the area of freedom of the United States to increase. The problem is to spend up our rate of social invention in the service of the welfare of all the people.
He who believes in freedom of the will has never loved and never hated.
Anything outside marriage seems like freedom and excitement.
There are forces all around you who wish to exploit division, rob you of your freedom, and tell you what to think. But young folks can rekindle the weary spirit of a slumbering nation.
I tasted freedom and I really liked it.
In the end, nature is inexorable: it has no reason to hurry and, sooner or later, it takes what belongs to it. Unconsciously and inflexibly obedient to its own laws, it doesn't know art, just as it doesn't know freedom, just as it doesn't know goodness.
Freedom is not won by merely overthrowing a tyrannical ruler or an oppressive regime. That is usually only the prelude to a new tyranny, a new oppression.
Freedom begins with what we teach our children. That is why Jews became a people whose passion is education, whose heroes are teachers and whose citadels are schools.
The message of Passover remains as powerful as ever. Freedom is won not on the battlefield but in the classroom and the home. Teach your children the history of freedom if you want them never to lose it.
What creates freedom? A revolution in the streets? Mass protest? Civil war? A change of government? The ousting of the old guard and its replacement by the new? History, more often than not, shows that hopes raised by such events are often dashed, sooner rather than later.
The financial reward is great and I love the life I have, but all money makes possible is for you to stop worrying about money. Then you have freedom to live your life.
The American experience influenced my understanding of individuality, basic human rights, freedom of expression and the rights and responsibilities of citizens.
Take young researchers, put them together in virtual seclusion, give them an unprecedented degree of freedom and turn up the pressure by fostering competitiveness.
I learned what I really love is making films, not the film business. I want to be on the set, meeting with writers, I want that freedom. I love it now.
Never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and truth.
You know, if you are kind of rich, the best thing is that you don't have to think about money. The best thing you can buy with money is freedom, time. I don't know how much I earn a year. I have no idea. I don't know how much I pay in taxes.
I think we recognize as Americans there are certain things that are just primary to the freedoms and liberties that we enjoy here and religious freedom is one of the most important things we as Americans cherish.
To us Americans much has been given of us much is required. With all our faults and mistakes, it is our strength in support of the freedom our forefathers loved which has saved mankind from subjection to totalitarian power.
All Americans value the freedom of speech and the freedom of the press, and I believe this is essential for our continued way of life. But with this freedom comes responsibility. That responsibility has been abdicated here by some in the media and some in the government.
I've never understood why people consider youth a time of freedom and joy. It's probably because they have forgotten their own.
I like the freedom of podcasting. With podcasting you can really mess around with the form and the format. You can do as much time as you like without having to pause for commercials.
I wanted to try to push some freedom into the men's clothes.
Religious tolerance is something we should all practice however, there have been more persecution and atrocities committed in the name of religion and religious freedom than anything else.
A free and truly independent press - fiercely independent when necessary - is the red beating heart of freedom and democracy.
After the tragedy, New Yorkers are more united than ever in their vision, as well as in appreciation what living in freedom means - and that if we stand together, we can accomplish anything.
Roosevelt talked not only about Freedom from Fear, but also Freedom from Want.
The greatest blessing of our democracy is freedom. But in the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves.
Well, I'm a libertarian conservative, so I believe in limited government/maximum individual freedom.
All the characters in my films are fighting these problems, needing freedom, trying to find a way to cut themselves loose, but failing to rid themselves of conscience, a sense of sin, the whole bag of tricks.
I don't think that artists of any kind would or could sacrifice their artistic freedom by being more responsible with their influence on people, especially young people.
If you can make people understand why freedom is so important through the arts, that would be a big help.
I remain optimistic. What we've seen in Europe and the rest of the world is that freedom has a much stronger attraction than radical fundamentalism.
So far as discipline is concerned, freedom means not its absence but the use of higher and more rational forms as contrasted with those that are lower or less rational.
Every general increase of freedom is accompanied by some degeneracy, attributable to the same causes as the freedom.
Giving up even an ounce of precious freedom is a very serious thing to do.
But short films are not inferior, just different. I think the short gives a freedom to film-makers. What's appealing is that you don't have as much responsibility for storytelling and plot. They can be more like a portrait, or a poem.
They have the ability to take a person's freedom from them. On certain situations, they have the ability to take a person's reputation. And under certain circumstances, they have the authority to take a person's life.
When others stood idly by, you and your families gave your all, in defence of a risen people and in pursuit of Irish freedom and unity.
I feel like my honesty gives people the freedom to talk about things they wouldn't otherwise.
My view is that good community management is like having good municipal government: You should be able to have dissenting opinions and so on, freedom of speech, but your grandmother should also be able to walk down the street at night without having to worry about getting mugged.
I now bid farewell to the country of my birth - of my passions - of my death a country whose misfortunes have invoked my sympathies - whose factions I sought to quell - whose intelligence I prompted to a lofty aim - whose freedom has been my fatal dream.
Peace with the Palestinians will open ports of peace all around the Mediterranean. The duty of leaders is to pursue freedom ceaselessly, even in the face of hostility, in the face of doubt and disappointment. Just imagine what could be.
I call on the Iranian people: it is not too late to replace the corrupt regime and return to your glorious Persian heritage, a heritage of culture and values and not of bombs and missiles... How can a nation allow a regime to instill fear, take away the people's freedom and shock the young generation that seeks its way out of the dictatorial Iran.
The Middle East is ailing. The malady stems from pervasive violence, shortages of food, water and educational opportunities, discrimination against women and - the most virulent cause of all - the absence of freedom.
My heart goes out to the brave citizens of Syria, who each day risk and even sacrifice their lives to achieve freedom from a murderous regime. We in Israel welcome the historic struggle to forge democratic, peace-loving governments in our region.
Rosa Parks was the queen mother of a movement whose single act of heroism sparked the movement for freedom, justice and equality. Her greatest contribution is that she told us a regular person can make a difference.
We who officially value freedom of speech above life itself seem to have nothing to talk about but the weather.
Today is a celebration of hope for the Iraqi people. The Iraqi people can now take control of their government and their future by creating a society that protects the rights endowed to us by our creator - life, liberty and freedom.
Motorists who want to save money on gas will demand and buy more fuel-efficient vehicles. We should not limit their freedom with more government regulations.
More than anything else, let me be clear - we need to be willing to fight for freedom, and free markets, and traditional moral values. That's what the American people want to see this movement and this party return to.
I was intelligent enough to make up my own mind. I not only had freedom of choice, I had freedom of expression.
Personal technology has given us the freedom of being able to do whatever we want - and in the case of celebrities and athletes, whomever they want. But it can also serve as a humiliation jetpack.
The year most of my high school friends and I got our driver's permits, the coolest thing one could do was stand outside after school and twirl one's car keys like a lifeguard whistle. That jingling sound meant freedom and power.
I don't believe in firing professors. They have academic freedom.
We believe it wrong ever to take a dollar from a free citizen without a very necessary public purpose, because each such taking diminishes the freedom to spend that dollar as its owner would prefer.
I defend both the freedom of expression and society's right to counter it. I must pay the price for differing. It is the natural way of things.
Americans are free to choose everything from what they eat, drive and watch on TV to the President of the United States. Yet, when it comes to allowing Americans to choose the health insurance that works best for them and their family, the freedom to choose suddenly becomes un-American.
I think the American people have become more reliant upon government and less reliant upon themselves and that they now tend to put security ahead of freedom, but I think freedom is the most important aspect of our lives.
If they want to hang me, let them. And on the scaffold I will shout Freedom for the working class!
That's why I like fast film. It gives you more freedom to light more naturally.
Whatever the immediate gains and losses, the dangers to our safety arising from political suppression are always greater than the dangers to the safety resulting from political freedom. Suppression is always foolish. Freedom is always wise.
No, I don't believe in genius. I believe in freedom. I think anyone can do it. Anyone can be like Rembrandt.
It would be too frightening for me to consider myself a role model. But I like the idea of not being afraid of letting your imagination rule you, to feel the freedom of expression, to let creativity be your overwhelming drive rather than other things.
I have the freedom to do what I want... bright people to talk to every day.
Even in the darkest regions, people have discovered their right of freedom.
The search for human freedom can never be complete without freedom for women.
If you scratch below the surface and ask what really makes me tick, it's the liberalism of trying to promote freedom and opportunity. Promoting social mobility is one of the keys to that.
I don't watch a huge amount of telly. I read a lot. I'm reading at the moment 'Freedom,' by Jonathan Franzen, a great big brick of a book, and I'm loving it.
I am a passionate believer in freedom of speech. I would not support anything which would impinge on aggressive robust freedom of the British press, but when things go wrong and there has been outright illegality, there should be proper accountability.
I have more freedom when I write fiction, but my memoirs have had a much stronger impact on my readers. Somehow the 'message,' even if I am not even aware that there is one, is conveyed better in this form.
As one gets older one sees many more paths that could be taken. Artists sense within their own work that kind of swelling of possibilities, which may seem a freedom or a confusion.
The arc of American history almost inevitably moves toward freedom. Whether it's Lincoln and the Emancipation Proclamation, the expansion of women's rights or, now, gay rights, I think there is an almost-inevitable march toward greater civil liberties.
I came out of the Soviet Union no longer a communist, because I believed in personal freedom.
As our federal government has grown too large and too powerful, the real loss has been the freedom of people to govern their own lives and participate fully in the American dream.
I loved the feeling of freedom in running, the fresh air, the feeling that the only person I'm competing with is me.
I wasn't a woman who stayed tiny like I thought I would. I definitely gave myself the freedom to eat what I wanted.
I'm privileged, because I have a lot of freedom. I want to use it to make as warm and normal a life as I can for our daughters.
I've sold my soul for freedom. It's lonely but it's sweet.
So why am I facing a recall election? Simple: the big government union bosses from Washington want their money. They don't like the fact that I did something fundamentally pro-worker something that's truly about freedom.
They know the importance of their mission and of America's commitment to combating and defeating terrorism abroad, and they know that they are making a real difference in bringing freedom to a part of the world that has known only tyranny.
They have called Operation Iraqi Freedom a war of choice that isn't part of the real war on terror. Someone should tell that to al Qaeda.
The job of training an Iraqi police force is one of the most important tasks being undertaken in Operation Iraqi Freedom. It is also one of the most difficult.
I really care about this stuff, I care about movies, and you just have to be strong and don't be stupid freedom of choice is a big responsibility, and I'm lucky enough not to have to just take any movie to pay the rent, so there's no need to be greedy.
I love the freedom that the narrative form provides.
Freedom is just Chaos, with better lighting.
Prosperity or egalitarianism - you have to choose. I favor freedom - you never achieve real equality anyway: you simply sacrifice prosperity for an illusion.
As a boy, I believed freedom for America meant freedom for me. There was a time I believed every word spoken.
Recruitment and retention are critical to sustain our Armed Forces with the best men and women willing to stand in the gap and make huge sacrifices to ensure our freedom.
I believe that being an actress or being involved in a movie has to be a life experience, otherwise why go for it? I have to change me, and I have to learn things, and I have to push me and my limits. By acting, I find a freedom inside of a prison in a way.
I believe in trying to get a balance between individual freedom on the one hand and social responsibility on the other.
Private property was the original source of freedom. It still is its main ballpark.
There's a freedom to being young that is harder to come by as time goes on.
I am known for a life spent in the struggle for freedom, and freedom includes the freedom of religion.
I suppose there's a melancholy tone at the back of the American mind, a sense of something lost. And it's the lost world of Thomas Jefferson. It is the lost sense of innocence that we could live with a very minimal state, with a vast sense of space in which to work out freedom.
I needed freedom to really express myself. That's really what Justified is about.
Not caring more about what other people think than what you think. That's freedom.
The freedom of all is essential to my freedom.
Freedom is not an ideal, it is not even a protection, if it means nothing more than freedom to stagnate, to live without dreams, to have no greater aim than a second car and another television set.
To realize that new world we must prefer the values of freedom and equality above all other values - above personal wealth, technical power and nationalism.
One of the things that bothers me most is the growing belief in the country that security is more important than freedom. It ain't.
I believe our flag is more than just cloth and ink. It is a universally recognized symbol that stands for liberty, and freedom. It is the history of our nation, and it's marked by the blood of those who died defending it.
A sense of freedom is something that, happily, comes with age and life experience.
In the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves.
You learn that you either are going to have a police state where you don't have any freedom left, or you're going to build a world that doesn't create terrorists - and that means a whole different way of 'getting along.'
The people who are competing business-wise out there want what other successful labels and artists have. I don't want what they have I want my own path, my own sound, my own identity. Record labels care nothing about identity or artistic freedom, they want good business.
Just as the Security Council was largely irrelevant to the great struggle of the last half of the twentieth century - freedom against Communism - so too it is largely on the sidelines in our contemporary struggles against international terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
I never abandoned either forms or freedom. I imagine that most of what could be called free verse is in my first book. I got through that fairly early.
The nice thing about the Bible is it doesn't give you too many facts. Two an a half lines and it tells you the whole story and that leaves you a great deal of freedom to elaborate on how it might have happened.
I feel like my work has been my path to freedom from having grown up in a segregated environment.
The American idea is as promising, imaginative, and full of the unexpected as the land itself. The land represents freedom - the frontier, the ability to make a new future with your own bare hands.
I loved climbing because of the freedom, and having time and space. I remember coming off Everest for the last time, thinking of Dad and wishing that he could have seen what I saw. He would have loved it.
You cannot mistake Bush's clarity of purpose. He believes in a story about freedom and opportunity that makes his followers feel like they aren't just ticking their days down but are part of something larger than themselves.
The people of the Middle East share the desire for freedom. We have an opportunity - and an obligation - to help them turn this desire into reality.
The U.S. has since the end of World War II had an answer - we stand for free peoples and free markets, we are willing to support and defend them - we will sustain a balance of power that favors freedom.
We are expected to believe that anyone who objects to the Department of Homeland Security or the USA Patriot Act is a terrorist, and that the only way to preserve our freedom is to hand it over to the government for safekeeping.
The freedom of each individual can only be the freedom of all.
Only the freedom of mind can prevent the state from becoming totalitarian and from issuing totalitarian demands.
It is for each of us freely to choose whom we shall serve, and find in that obedience our freedom.
Every dictator is an enemy of freedom, an opponent of law.
Thus, the struggle for peace includes the struggle for freedom and justice for the masses of all countries.
They call them terrorists, I call them freedom fighters.
What does it mean to be an American? While each of us may have our own specific answer to that question, we likely can agree on the basic principles of America: freedom, equal opportunity, and rights accompanied by responsibilities.
Wealth is a tool of freedom, but the pursuit of wealth is the way to slavery.
Being big and famous doesn't get you more freedom, it gets you less.
Your determination, selflessness and courage have brought the freedom struggle towards its fulfilment.
So keep fightin' for freedom and justice, beloveds, but don't you forget to have fun doin' it. Lord, let your laughter ring forth. Be outrageous, ridicule the fraidy-cats, rejoice in all the oddities that freedom can produce.
Freedom of religion is a principle that is central to our Nation's Declaration of Independence. Congress has taken this positive step to protect our freedom to express allegiance to America's flag and the ideals it represents.
I wish we would all remember that being American is not just about the freedom we have it is about those who gave it to us.
If liberty has any meaning it means freedom to improve.
In America it's live by the sword of freedom of expression and be will to die by it as well.
That's free enterprise, friends: freedom to gamble, freedom to lose. And the great thing - the truly democratic thing about it - is that you don't even have to be a player to lose.
Native Americans are the original inhabitants of the land that now constitutes the United States. They have helped develop the fundamental principles of freedom of speech and separation of powers that form the foundation of the United States Government.
It is crucial that members of Congress cast votes that are supportive of the values upon which our nation was founded: equality, freedom, and opportunity for all people.
I've never let producers tell me what to do. Even when I was making television, I always did what I wanted to do, and if I couldn't, I didn't do it. It was a freedom that, these days, young directors starting out don't have.
For us, holding on to religious rules, and following them, and refraining from what's forbidden, and being diligent with our duties, what do we call that? That's what we call freedom.
Private ownership of property is vital to both our freedom and our prosperity.
Liberty, freedom and democracy are very fuzzy words, but human rights is very specific.
Freedom and responsibility aren't interconnected things. They are the same thing.
The communitarians may say you've been enjoying too much individual freedom, and that you must give up some of that for the benefit of the community. But they really mean that they want more power over your life - to force you to subsidize, obey and conform to their choices.
An open society is a society which allows its members the greatest possible degree of freedom in pursuing their interests compatible with the interests of others.
My philosophy is, don't take no for an answer and be willing to sacrifice your entire project for freedom.
Is Walt turning over in his grave? A man named Joe Roth runs Disney right now-he gave me the go-ahead and total freedom to do whatever I wanted to do.
None of us had any idea of how successful Downton was going to be. I thought I was signing up for another period drama that had a slightly modern feel. It had a freedom about it because it was coming out of the head of Julian Fellowes. Anything could happen and generally did.
Every American deserves to live in freedom, to have his or her privacy respected and a chance to go as far as their ability and effort will take them - regardless of race, gender, ethnicity or economic circumstances.
Responsibility and respect of others and their religious beliefs are also part of freedom.
If freedom's best friends cannot unify around a realistic, actionable program of fundamental change, one that attracts and persuades a broad majority of our fellow citizens, big change will not come.
The Vietnamese people deeply love independence, freedom and peace. But in the face of United States aggression they have risen up, united as one man.
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
Real freedom is creative, proactive, and will take me into new territories. I am not free if my freedom is predicated on reacting to my past.
There is only one cure for the evils which newly acquired freedom produces, and that cure is freedom.
I do believe that freedom isn't free - but today the corporate and political right wing is trying to cheapen this truly American value. They've been cynically using the word 'freedom' to rally the American public against its own best interests.
I say let's go back to a truer use of the word 'freedom.' Let's start with President Franklin Roosevelt's Four Freedoms: freedom of speech and expression, freedom of worship, freedom from want and freedom from fear. I would add the freedom to bargain collectively. Those freedoms are under attack today.
People should have freedom in their pilgrimages and tours. They should come and visit historical monuments and sites - let's say the sites around Iran - where they can easily engage in wide- scale contacts with others.
When we are unwilling to draw clear moral lines between free societies and fear societies, when we are unwilling to call the former good and the latter evil, we will not be able to advance the cause of peace because peace cannot be disconnected from freedom.
That freedom that Picasso afforded himself, to be an artist in a huge number of ways, seems to be a huge psychological liberation.
Woman must have her freedom, the fundamental freedom of choosing whether or not she will be a mother and how many children she will have. Regardless of what man's attitude may be, that problem is hers - and before it can be his, it is hers alone.
The progress of freedom depends more upon the maintenance of peace, the spread of commerce, and the diffusion of education, than upon the labors of cabinets and foreign offices.
My parents came from Russia and suddenly they wound up in Boston, Massachusetts, Brookline, Massachusetts and they felt the sun rose and set on Franklin Delano Roosevelt's backside because he meant so much to them. This was freedom. This was something totally different from the Russia they had left.
Revolution! The people howls and cries, Freedom, that's what we're needing! We've needed it for centuries, our arteries are bleeding. The stage is shaking, the audience rock. The whole thing is over by nine o'clock.
Any existence deprived of freedom is a kind of death.
New ideas should confront old ideas. We must refer to the example of Europe. People have fought to make Europe what it is today. Freedom is not something that is served up on a plate.
The higher one climbs on the spiritual ladder, the more they will grant others their own freedom, and give less interference to another's state of consciousness.
Humanism: an exaltation of freedom, but one limited by our need to exercise it as an integral part of nature and society.
I definitely wanted to earn my freedom. But the primary motivation wasn't making money, but making an impact.
The abortion license has not brought freedom and security to women. Rather, it has ushered in a new era of irresponsibility toward women and children, one that now begins before birth.
I suffered evils, but without allowing them to rob me of the freedom to expand.
But I do believe that a woman's truest place is in a home, with a husband and with children, and with large freedom, pecuniary freedom, personal freedom, and the right to vote.
Don't give me any money, don't give me any people, but give freedom, and I'll give you a movie that looks gigantic.
China has not established the rule of law and if there is a power above the law there is no social justice. Everybody can be subjected to harm. I'm just a citizen: my life is equal in value to any other. But I'm thankful that when I lost my freedom so many people shared feelings and put such touching effort into helping me.
The 'Bird's Nest' National Stadium, which I helped to conceive, is designed to embody the Olympic spirit of 'fair competition.' It tells people that freedom is possible but needs fairness, courage and strength.
Strong, generous, and confident, she has nobly served mankind. Beware how you trifle with your marvellous inheritance, this great land of ordered liberty, for if we stumble and fall freedom and civilization everywhere will go down in ruin.
The freedom now desired by many is not freedom to do and dare but freedom from care and worry.
Patrick Henry did not say, 'Give me absolutely safety or give me death.' America is supposed to be about freedom.
Now, then, in order to understand white supremacy we must dismiss the fallacious notion that white people can give anybody their freedom.
I spent a great deal of time with Che Guevara while I was in Havana. I believe he was far less a mercenary than he was a freedom fighter.
There's a hell of a lot of freedom in this rock and roll circus... it's where all the freaks go - it's the environment for me.
My daughters, your daughters, our daughters deserve safety, protection, and the freedom to make their own choices about their personal lives and their physical selves.
I mean there's enormous pressures to harmonize freedom of speech legislation and transparency legislation around the world - within the E.U., between China and the United States. Which way is it going to go? It's hard to see.
But in the first Gulf war the United Kingdom was not under any threat from Iraq, and is still less so in the second one. Then there is no justification for obstructing freedom of information, particularly as nations have a right to know what their soldiers are being used for.
It is hard to know how many people do, but given that the people are so docile towards the rulers, nowadays, very few Americans show the passion for freedom that our forefathers had.
The increased presence of Muslims in Italy and in Europe is directly proportional to our loss of freedom.
Freedom means the freedom to behave coarsely, basely, foolishly.
Freedom is an internal achievement rather than an external adjustment.
I started skydiving because I loved the idea of freedom.
We are all different. Yet we are all God's children. We are all united behind this country and the common cause of freedom, justice, fairness, and equality. That is what unites us.
President Bush in his inaugural address talked about bringing freedom to countries that don't have it. He didn't specify how.
To deny the freedom of the will is to make morality impossible.
All Americans and freedom-loving people around the world owe President Reagan our deepest gratitude for his strong, principled leadership that ended the Cold War and brought freedom to millions of people.
There's also a sense of freedom. I was so obsessed by this problem that I was thinking about if all the time - when I woke up in the morning, when I went to sleep at night, and that went on for eight years.
One of the unsung freedoms that go with a free press is the freedom not to read it.
Value your freedom or you will lose it, teaches history. 'Don't bother us with politics', respond those who don't want to learn.
Free software is software that respects your freedom and the social solidarity of your community. So it's free as in freedom.
In the free/libre software movement, we develop software that respects users' freedom, so we and you can escape from software that doesn't.
If ebooks mean that readers' freedom must either increase or decrease, we must demand the increase.
With paper printed books, you have certain freedoms. You can acquire the book anonymously by paying cash, which is the way I always buy books. I never use a credit card. I don't identify to any database when I buy books. Amazon takes away that freedom.
When I launched the development of the GNU system, I explicitly said the purpose of developing this system is so we can use our computers and have freedom, thus if you use some other free system instead but you have freedom, then it's a success. It's not popularity for our code but it's success for our goal.
I believe dreams represent the purest form of fantasy we unleash through our subconscious. They represent the truest freedom we can experience. Totally unrepressed and totally creative.
I would say that the war correspondent gets more drinks, more girls, better pay, and greater freedom than the soldier, but at this stage of the game, having the freedom to choose his spot and being allowed to be a coward and not be executed for it is his torture.
The freedom of thought is a sacred right of every individual man, and diversity will continue to increase with the progress, refinement, and differentiation of the human intellect.
That's part of American greatness, is discrimination. Yes, sir. Inequality, I think, breeds freedom and gives a man opportunity.
Carry out the republican principle of universal suffrage, or strike it from your banners and substitute 'Freedom and Power to one half of society, and Submission and Slavery to the other.'
Freedom is always the freedom of dissenters.
Freedom only for the members of the government, only for the members of the Party - though they are quite numerous - is no freedom at all.
All my life, Americans have been accustomed to thinking of theirs as 'the richest, freest' country in the world. By most measurements, it was long a contender for that honor, and - among the larger countries, if equal weight were given to wealth and indices of freedom - probably did deserve to be so described.
When we, through our educational culture, through the media, through the entertainment culture, give our children the impression that human beings cannot control their passions, we are telling them, in effect, that human beings cannot be trusted with freedom.
With courage and character, American soldiers continue to put themselves on the line to defend our freedom, and so many have paid the ultimate sacrifice.
They were singing in French, but the melody was freedom and any American could understand that.
Our work is a scream of freedom.
With one man, there was a freedom and liberation. That was with Michael Hutchence, my partner in life.
Freedom of expression is the matrix, the indispensable condition, of nearly every other form of freedom.
American movies and music deliver themes of freedom, innocence, and power that appeal to others - partly because America itself was put together out of a multiplicity of national traditions.
Our Founders warned against this. They said don't... that your liberty is only as secure as the people are. Because once they, um, get the ability to vote themselves entitlements from the largesse of the government, liberty is done freedom is over with. We were warned. We are there.
Judgment traps you within the limitations of your comparisons. It inhibits freedom.
Men like me, who merely wish to establish political freedom, will in such circumstances lose all their influence, and others will get influence who may become dangerous to all established interests whatsoever.
I know that throughout their history, the people of the United States defended their freedom, their liberty, their justice, and their rights - if need be - with their lives. I think their courage is so admirable.
The Law of God reaches into every area of life, and it brings about incredible blessing and incredible freedom.
I stand for limited government, fiscal responsibility, personal freedom, personal responsibility, so the Republican Party will support me.
But it required a disastrous, internecine war to bring this question of human freedom to a crisis, and the process of striking the shackles from the slave was accomplished in a single hour.
If we want to talk about freedom, we must mean freedom for others as well as ourselves, and we must mean freedom for everyone inside our frontiers as well as outside.
Having grown up in Bombay, from the day you're born, you have absolute freedom to choose who you want to be.
It could be my British need for discipline that makes me admire the American appetite for freedom and passion.
Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is freedom.
That feeling of freedom, open highways of possibilities, has kind of been lost to materialism and marketing.
Life is a very orderly thing, but in fiction there is a huge liberation and freedom. I can do what I like. There's nothing that says I can't write a page of full stops. There is no 'should' involved, although you wouldn't know that from literary reviews and critics.
Republican values - strong families, faith, personal responsibility and freedom, among others - are not unique to specific subsets of the electorate. They are universal values, and it is Republicans' job to remind Americans of that fact.
I think there is a heritage which I'm proud of, which is a fight for democracy, a fight for social justice, a fight for freedom. My grandfather went to jail or exile six times in his life, fighting for his principles for democracy, or for his country. And my father twice.
The legal difference between the sit-ins and the Freedom Riders was significant.
I have always been a firm believer in the longstanding American principle of having the right to bear arms and I will remain committed to see that this freedom is not infringed upon, revoked, or limited in any way.
Eventually I want to be a full-time mother who works occasionally - and being an actor you have that freedom.
Many have left their families to defend our freedom. We salute their bravery we express our appreciation and support to their families. And we pray for their safe return.
The old Romans all wished to have a king over them because they had not yet tasted the sweetness of freedom.
We believe that salvation is to be found in wholesome work in a beloved land. Work will provide our people with the bread of tomorrow, and moreover, with the honor of the tomorrow, the freedom of the tomorrow.
Time misspent in youth is sometimes all the freedom one ever has.
The thing is this: You got to have fun while you're fightin' for freedom, 'cause you don't always win.
I don't think that there is absolute freedom of the press. We operate under laws - against libel, for instance. The idea that there is some absolute press freedom is kind of a myth.
Many a time freedom has been rolled back - and always for the same sorry reason: fear.
Havin' fun while freedom fightin' must be one of those lunatic Texas traits we get from the water - which is known to have lithium in it - because it goes all the way back to Sam Houston, surely the most lovable, the most human, and the funniest of all the great men this country has ever produced.
The freedom to connect to the world anywhere at anytime brings with it the threat of unscrupulous predators and criminals who mask their activities with the anonymity the Internet provides to its users.
Yoga is a way to freedom. By its constant practice, we can free ourselves from fear, anguish and loneliness.
There is something akin to freedom in having a lover who has no control over you, except that which he gains by kindness and attachment.
Latinos have fought in all of America's wars, beginning with the Revolutionary War. Many Latinos are fighting and dying for our country today in Iraq, just as several of their ancestors fought for freedom in Mexico over a century ago.
History is full of examples of people who clamp down after they began to enjoy too much freedom. Freedom can lead to instability, anarchy, and confusion. So there can be a moral counter-revolution.
With Napster and the sharing of music, of course, there are going to be people who exploit it. Greed has no end. But there's a lot of good that could happen. We shouldn't let the economic concerns of the major labels infringe on our freedom to share music.
I do have the freedom to choose what I want to do and I'll continue to do that.
Jazz is about freedom within discipline. Usually a dictatorship like in Russia and Germany will prevent jazz from being played because it just seemed to represent freedom, democracy and the United States.
Many people don't understand how disciplined you have to be to play jazz... And that is really the idea of democracy - freedom within the Constitution or discipline. You don't just get out there and do anything you want.
Jazz stands for freedom. It's supposed to be the voice of freedom: Get out there and improvise, and take chances, and don't be a perfectionist - leave that to the classical musicians.
This enemy of peace in the world today is unlike any we have seen in the past, and our military is learning from, and building on, previous successes while carrying peace and freedom into the future.
I have just enough people paying attention that I have the freedom to be in charge. And I have a great record company - Nonesuch understands what I'm about.
The United States is a giant island of freedom, achievement, wealth and prosperity in a world hostile to our values.
Maybe a part of me recognized how right the improvising spirit of jazz is. Not the sounds, but the freedom to work with musicians who work that way. It felt very natural to me, but I think there's a way to do it without it being a jazz record.
That happens every time I get behind a guitar, regardless of what I'm saying, 'cause music is freedom and being free is the closest I've ever felt to being spiritual.
You have an absolute freedom in Mexican writing today in which you don't necessarily have to deal with the Mexican identity. You know why? Because we have an identity... We know who we are. We know what it means to be a Mexican.
For science must breathe the oxygen of freedom.
It's good that the first half of the speech emphasized freedom, because George W. Bush has been the global champion for freedom. As he said, if we don't fight tyranny it will not leave us alone in peace.
A culture without property, or in which creators can't get paid, is anarchy, not freedom.
The attitude is we live and let live. This is actually an amazing change in values in a rather short time and it's an example of freedom from religion.
I don't have anything to prove anymore. I don't have a record deal, no one has any expectations, I'm in a position of freedom. I don't need anyone's approval.
Working with David Cronenberg or Darren Aronofsky or even Steven Soderbergh isn't really like a typical Hollywood movie. These are true artists, and have a certain amount of freedom when they work, and they're more like independent filmmakers making their way through big studios.
Your life is the sum result of all the choices you make, both consciously and unconsciously. If you can control the process of choosing, you can take control of all aspects of your life. You can find the freedom that comes from being in charge of yourself.
I have always that there ought to be some kind of mandatory national service, not necessarily in the military but to show everybody that freedom isn't free, that everybody has an obligation to the nation as a community.
It is not natural or inevitable that half the world goes hungry that the freedom of markets trumps protection of the planet or that citizens' rights come second to those of corporations.
In times such as these, people should recognize that evil knows no borders, knows no limits and knows no compassion. Those around the globe that value freedom must continue to persevere even in the darkest of times.
To her audience, Janis Joplin has remained a symbol, artifact and reminder of late Sixties youth culture. Her popularity never derived from her musical ability, but from her capacity to link her fantasies of freedom and immortality with ours.
The enemies of freedom will not prevail.
In short, is not liberty the freedom of every person to make full use of his faculties, so long as he does not harm other persons while doing so?
How can you be conservative and justify wiretapping people without a warrant? We're supposed to be the party of personal freedom and civil liberties.
Another hero was Tom Swift, in the books. What he stood for, the freedom, the scientific knowledge and being and engineer gave him the ability to invent solutions to problems. He's always been a hero to me. I buy old Tom Swift books now and read them to my own children.
Real change isn't found in some new way to think about yourself, but in freedom from the need to think about yourself at all.
It's great to have the freedom to enjoy your work and not feel like you're leaving your other life behind.
I always wanted to make a children's album because you have the freedom to explore so many wonderful topics and sounds.
The first of all commodities to be exchanged is labour, and the freedom of man consists only in the exercise of the right to determine for himself in what manner his labour shall be employed, and how he will dispose of its products.
You know, you don't retreat in the defense of freedom. You don't retreat in the defense of moral government and limited government. You don't retreat because people are going to defend bad things.
If governments let themselves be fully bound by the decisions of their parliaments without protecting their own freedom to act, a breakup of Europe would be a more probable outcome than deeper integration.
It the British System is the most gigantic system of slavery the world has yet seen, and therefore it is that freedom gradually disappears from every country over which England is enabled to obtain control.
Yes, we have the freedom to do what we please, but it only works because we don't do everything we might please - we should exercise some degree of personal, and corporate, responsibility.
Freedom of expression comes with responsibilities, especially when it comes with serious implications for peace.
My name became known because I was, one might say accidentally the target of state repression and because so many people throughout the country and other parts of the world organized around the demand for my freedom.
Creative freedom is an imperative for me, but it doesn't really exist in a Hollywood game.
America has never seen itself as a national state like all others, but rather as an experiment in human freedom and democracy.
I want to have the freedom to do whatever I want.
Money buys many things... The best of which is freedom.
You, the foreign media, have been the companion of my people in its long and painful journey to freedom.
You have spent many lives and much treasure to bring freedom to many lands that were reluctant to receive it. And here you have a people who won it by themselves and need only the help to preserve it.
My father described this tall lady who stands in the middle of the New York harbor, holding high a torch to welcome people seeking freedom in America. I instantly fell in love.
Wherever on this planet ideals of personal freedom and dignity apply, there you will find the cultural inheritance of England.
Not to mention the fact that of course terrorists hate freedom. I think they do hate. But believe me, I don't think they sit there abstractly hating freedom.
People ask 'How does doing a film compare to doing an ad?' Well, when you're doing a commercial you don't have to sell tickets. You have a captured audience. Which is actually completely rare and great it gives you a lot of freedom. When you make a film, you have to do advertisements for the film.
I was inspired to write this book by those who are sceptical of the power of freedom to change the world.
The three main sources of scepticism are first, that not every people desires freedom second, that democracy in certain parts of the world would be dangerous and third, that there is little the world's democracies can do to advance freedom outside their countries.
By helping readers understand these mechanics, I hope they will appreciate why freedom is for everyone, why it is essential for our security and why the free world plays a critically important role in advancing democracy around the globe.
Believe me, the drug of freedom is universally potent.
I am optimistic that peace can be achieved in the region because I believe that every society on earth can be free and that if freedom comes to the Middle East, there can be peace.
I take life as it happens. And I give myself a lot of freedom.
I used to think that if I had success I would have freedom. But I have less freedom now than I've ever had. And what gives me satisfaction is not the jewelry and not the cars. What gives me satisfaction is doing things for others, like children.
Without freedom of the press, there can be no representative government.
I have a fantastic relationship with money. I use it to buy my freedom.
Three simple words - freedom, justice and honesty. These sum up what the Liberal Democrats stand for.
Money equals freedom.
A man of strength and wisdom, John Paul became an inspiration to generations of both Catholics and non-Catholics throughout the world by encouraging freedom, promoting peace and respecting all faiths.
As a child I was given the freedom to explore my passion for acting, but I also grew up in a home where there were a lot of rules. I didn't have 'yes' parents.
If a jerk burns the flag, America is not threatened, democracy is not under siege, freedom is not at risk.
I know what you're going to say! 'They are men, and men should be free.' A free man is dangerous to himself and everyone else. Freedom should be left to those who can put it to good use.
Freedom is a muscle... you have to exercise it.
People want the freedom. They want to be able to shop. If you don't like the shop trading hours and you're a shop owner, you don't have to open.
A trait which differentiated New York from European cities was the incredible freedom and ease in which life, including sexual life, could be carried on, on many levels.
School gives you the freedom to explore different philosophies, religions, aspects of yourself, and subjects.
The humor is essentially dark for a cartoon and sophisticated. But at the same time, being a cartoon gives the writers more freedom than in a normal sitcom. It always pushes the line that, despite human failings, the Simpsons are really decent people.
We need international support so that our people live a life of normality, of dignity, of liberty and freedom. I hope that our cry for freedom may be heard.
In terms of filming, yes, it really does feel over now. There's a real sense of freedom now. It's a good time to finish, I think. As much as I'm going to miss it I'm ready to move on and do different things.
Our soldiers have nobly fought to protect freedom since our country's birth, and have fought to protect those that could not protect themselves, even in foreign lands when called upon.
To stop terrorists before the strike, we must do three things: deny them entry into the country, curtail their freedom of action inside the country, and deprive them of material and moral support from within the country.
I think that we could be more careful about what we're saying to young women in terms of their expectations. It's unrealistic to expect people to always be in designer clothes. Girls growing up deserve more freedom in how they look and how they feel about how they look.
I was the youngest child and got a lot more freedom than my brother and sister. I used to wander, doing my own thing under the radar, but I didn't get in bad, bad trouble.
Now we understand much more clearly. why people from all over the world want to come to New York and to America. It's called freedom.
The balance between freedom and security is a delicate one.
Freedom - an occupied space which must be reoccupied every day.
Spirit borrows from matter the perceptions on which it feeds and restores them to matter in the form of movements which it has stamped with its own freedom.
We live in a land like no other - a land of freedom and opportunity unparalleled on the face of the globe.
We've got to understand that the whole nature of the way American democracy guards its freedom has been changed.
When public access to voting is impaired or when public confidence in voting is diluted, democracy suffers and our freedom is less secure.
If technology has finally caught up with individual liberty, why would anyone who loves freedom want to rethink that?
I am somebody who... - I'm not saying I'm perfect, but I need that freedom, that ability to make mistakes out there. Because there's a fine line between making a mistake or being brilliant.
I am not an anti to anything which will bring freedom to my class.
We are a nation in which freedom is alive in the squares and streets, in the daily work of the communications media, in the open relationship between the governing and the governed.
If you ask me to summarise our mission, I would put it this way: We were a military regime that sought to lay the foundations for freedom and liberty in a complex society.
Most importantly, nothing has happened to change my conviction that freedom and the love of liberty remain the essential defining attributes of our national character as a people.
The challenge as we saw in the Nigerian project was to restructure the economy decisively in the direction of a modern free market as an appropriate environment for cultivation of freedom and democracy and the natural emergence of a new social order.
While it's really hard to do, at the same time, I'm escaping my body, which I really want to do. I'm living someone else's life. I get very intensely into the story, into the interviews and the research. I'm experiencing things along with my subjects. I have a freedom I don't have in my physical life.
I've never had anything but the freedom to do what I wanted just as long as it made me happy.
Fulfill - you can far more than fulfill - the brightest anticipations of those who, in the name of human freedom, and in the face of threats that have ripened into terrible realities since, fought that battle which placed you where you now stand.
The wretch who lives without freedom feels like dressing in the mud from the streets Those who have you, o Liberty, do not know. you. Those who do not have you should not speak of you, but win you.
I like movies that pop, that have a little bit of candy on, that freedom to have a little bit of extra fun, but are rooted in real behaviour. Rooted in cause and effect, never violating reality.
The media bring our wars home, but only rarely have they been able to do it in complete freedom.
The men and women who serve in our military have won for us every hour we live in freedom, sometimes at the expense of the very hours of the lifetimes they had hoped to live.
Freedom to differ is not limited to things that do not matter mush. That would be a mere shadow of freedom. The test of its substance is the right to differ as to things that touch the heart of the existing order.
There is a bright spot or two for the Spaniards. French toast has become freedom toast on the Air Force One breakfast menu, but the Spanish omelet is still a Spanish omelet.
When I was in jail, I was a lot of people's favorite person. I practically ran the jail. I had more freedom than the police.
A growing number of young women who have the freedom to decide have decided that career can wait, and the delicious early years of their children's lives can't.
People ask me if I ever thought of writing a children's book. I say, 'If I had a serious brain injury I might well write a children's book', but otherwise the idea of being conscious of who you're directing the story to is anathema to me, because, in my view, fiction is freedom and any restraints on that are intolerable.
To me, music has to be about freedom. It's the most important thing in my life.
The very first things that I did, even in theater, were bad guys. They are meaty roles for the most part. With the bad guy you have more freedom to experiment and go further out than with a good guy.
Without economic development, any potential for political openness and freedom will be questionable.
Our constitutional liberties shall not be sacrificed in our search for greater security, for that is what our enemies and all enemies of freedom and democracy hope to achieve.
The main thing I believe in is freedom.
We must guard against the overreaching hand of big government trying to take away our freedom. And we must always protect the environment in a manner consistent with our values.
If I am outspoken of the dangers of intemperance to members of our armed forces, it is because we are all especially concerned for the welfare of those who are risking their lives in the cause of freedom.
What is our freedom fight about? Is it about the liberation of children or just having sex with them?
Although we have, in theory, abolished human slavery, recognized women's rights, and stopped child labor, we continue to enslave other species who, if we simply pay attention, show quite clearly that they experience parental love, pain, and the desire for freedom, just as we do.
Men must stop being jealous of their power and generously allow freedom and responsibility to others. The reward is harmonious families and society.
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
Don't walk behind me I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives means the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand.
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
A friend should be one in whose understanding and virtue we can equally confide, and whose opinion we can value at once for its justness and its sincerity.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
A friendship can weather most things and thrive in thin soil but it needs a little mulch of letters and phone calls and small, silly presents every so often - just to save it from drying out completely.
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
Think where man's glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art... It has no survival value rather it is one of those things that give value to survival.
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares.
True friends stab you in the front.
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, Can never know what true friendship means.
The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity.
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod my shadow does that much better.
A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
When you choose your friends, don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character.
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
An excellent man he has no enemies and none of his friends like him.
Be slow to fall into friendship but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends.
Love is blind friendship closes its eyes.
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature.
If it's very painful for you to criticize your friends - you're safe in doing it. But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue.
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
The world is round so that friendship may encircle it.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
He who hath many friends hath none.
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first when you learn to live for others, they will live for you.
Silences make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying but the never needing to say is what counts.
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend.
Our friends interpret the world and ourselves to us, if we take them tenderly and truly.
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit.
A friend is one who walks in when others walk out.
Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself.
The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
She is a friend of mind. She gather me, man. The pieces I am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order. It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind.
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend.
Friendship and money: oil and water.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
If you have one true friend you have more than your share.
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
We call that person who has lost his father, an orphan and a widower that man who has lost his wife. But that man who has known the immense unhappiness of losing a friend, by what name do we call him? Here every language is silent and holds its peace in impotence.
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
Lovers have a right to betray you... friends don't.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing.
Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.
It takes a long time to grow an old friend.
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
If instead of a gem, or even a flower, we should cast the gift of a loving thought into the heart of a friend, that would be giving as the angels give.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
But friendship is the breathing rose, with sweets in every fold.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
To avoid being mistaken for a sellout, I chose my friends carefully. The more politically active black students. The foreign students. The Chicanos. The Marxist professors and structural feminists and punk-rock performance poets.
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.
A friend is, as it were, a second self.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
Some people go to priests others to poetry I to my friends.
The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.
As iron sharpens iron, so a friend sharpens a friend.
Yes'm, old friends is always best, 'less you can catch a new one that's fit to make an old one out of.
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
Without wearing any mask we are conscious of, we have a special face for each friend.
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade.
The real test of friendship is: can you literally do nothing with the other person? Can you enjoy those moments of life that are utterly simple?
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.
Since there is nothing so well worth having as friends, never lose a chance to make them.
Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family.
Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.
Life has no blessing like a prudent friend.
Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
Many a person has held close, throughout their entire lives, two friends that always remained strange to one another, because one of them attracted by virtue of similarity, the other by difference.
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.
All you need to do to be my friend is like me.
Friends are born, not made.
Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other.
There is no friend like an old friend who has shared our morning days, no greeting like his welcome, no homage like his praise.
One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.
It seems to me that trying to live without friends is like milking a bear to get cream for your morning coffee. It is a whole lot of trouble, and then not worth much after you get it.
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
Instead of loving your enemies - treat your friends a little better.
Mighty proud I am that I am able to have a spare bed for my friends.
The best time to make friends is before you need them.
That friendship will not continue to the end which is begun for an end.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.
Friendship often ends in love but love in friendship - never.
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune to keep him is a blessing.
Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it.
Friendship with ones self is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another?
Eros will have naked bodies Friendship naked personalities.
Peace, commerce and honest friendship with all nations entangling alliances with none.
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
A friendship that like love is warm A love like friendship, steady.
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.
A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.
Love is a friendship set to music.
The two most misused words in the entire English vocabulary are love and friendship. A true friend would die for you, so when you start trying to count them on one hand, you don't need any fingers.
All lasting business is built on friendship.
Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life.
Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed.
Perfect friendship is the friendship of men who are good, and alike in excellence for these wish well alike to each other qua good, and they are good in themselves.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
Friendship is essentially a partnership.
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.
A tree is known by its fruit a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
I had three chairs in my house one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.
I think it's important to have closure in any relationship that ends - from a romantic relationship to a friendship. You should always have a sense of clarity at the end and know why it began and why it ended. You need that in your life to move cleanly into your next phase.
Friendship is a plant of slow growth and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation.
Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance.
Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used.
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.
How can sincerity be a condition of friendship? A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.
It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree.
Friendship is two-sided. It isn't a friend just because someone's doing something nice for you. That's a nice person. There's friendship when you do for each other. It's like marriage - it's two-sided.
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom.
There is something in the unselfish and self-sacrificing love of a brute, which goes directly to the heart of him who has had frequent occasion to test the paltry friendship and gossamer fidelity of mere Man.
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses.
The Bush Administration's failure to be consistently involved in helping Israel achieve peace with the Palestinians has been both wrong for our friendship with Israel, as well as badly damaging to our standing in the Arab world.
What I cannot love, I overlook. Is that real friendship?
Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.
True friendship is like sound health the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.
What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk.
Friendship is a pretty full-time occupation if you really are friendly with somebody. You can't have too many friends because then you're just not really friends.
Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
What men have called friendship is only a social arrangement, a mutual adjustment of interests, an interchange of services given and received it is, in sum, simply a business from which those involved propose to derive a steady profit for their own self-love.
Don't flatter yourself that friendship authorizes you to say disagreeable things to your intimates. The nearer you come into relation with a person, the more necessary do tact and courtesy become.
Friendship is Love without his wings!
Laughter is not a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is the best ending for one.
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.
I have a loyalty that runs in my bloodstream, when I lock into someone or something, you can't get me away from it because I commit that thoroughly. That's in friendship, that's a deal, that's a commitment. Don't give me paper - I can get the same lawyer who drew it up to break it. But if you shake my hand, that's for life.
Fan the sinking flame of hilarity with the wing of friendship and pass the rosy wine.
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
People come in and out of our lives, and the true test of friendship is whether you can pick back up right where you left off the last time you saw each other.
Sympathy constitutes friendship but in love there is a sort of antipathy, or opposing passion. Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole.
If we are to judge of love by its consequences, it more nearly resembles hatred than friendship.
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.
Opposition is true friendship.
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
Even in the common affairs of life, in love, friendship, and marriage, how little security have we when we trust our happiness in the hands of others!
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions.
Love is friendship set on fire.
True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one's self, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions.
Caring for but never trying to own may be a further way to define friendship.
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger.
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.
My parents, and librarians along the way, taught me about the space between words about the margins, where so many juicy moments of life and spirit and friendship could be found. In a library, you could find miracles and truth and you might find something that would make you laugh so hard that you get shushed, in the friendliest way.
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.
If one of two lovers is loyal, and the other jealous and false, how may their friendship last, for Love is slain!
There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends.
No matter what message you are about to deliver somewhere, whether it is holding out a hand of friendship, or making clear that you disapprove of something, is the fact that the person sitting across the table is a human being, so the goal is to always establish common ground.
To be capable of steady friendship or lasting love, are the two greatest proofs, not only of goodness of heart, but of strength of mind.
The greatest sweetener of human life is Friendship. To raise this to the highest pitch of enjoyment, is a secret which but few discover.
The feeling of friendship is like that of being comfortably filled with roast beef love, like being enlivened with champagne.
Do not keep on with a mockery of friendship after the substance is gone - but part, while you can part friends. Bury the carcass of friendship: it is not worth embalming.
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.
Real friendship, like real poetry, is extremely rare - and precious as a pearl.
I have long enjoyed the friendship and companionship of Republicans because I am by instinct a teacher, and I would like to teach them something.
Bad faith likes discourse on friendship and loyalty.
One friend in a lifetime is much, two are many, three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
To want friendship is a great fault. Friendship ought to be a gratuitous joy, like the joys afforded by art or life.
The friendship that can cease has never been real.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected.
All those who offer an opinion on any doubtful point should first clear their minds of every sentiment of dislike, friendship, anger or pity.
General benevolence, but not general friendship, made a man what he ought to be.
Moral science is better occupied when treating of friendship than of justice.
But it all comes down to friendship, treating people right.
Few things tend more to alienate friendship than a want of punctuality in our engagements. I have known the breach of a promise to dine or sup to break up more than one intimacy.
It is difficult to obtain the friendship of a cat. It is a philosophical animal... one that does not place its affections thoughtlessly.
The beginning of a friendship, the fact that two people out of the thousands around them can meet and connect and become friends, seems like a kind of magic to me. But maintaining a friendship requires work. I don't mean that as a bad thing. Good art requires work as well.
Friendship has its illusions no less than love.
The dupe of friendship, and the fool of love have I not reason to hate and to despise myself? Indeed I do and chiefly for not having hated and despised the world enough.
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another people are friends in spots.
I understand by this passion the union of desire, friendship, and tenderness, which is inflamed by a single female, which prefers her to the rest of her sex, and which seeks her possession as the supreme or the sole happiness of our being.
When two people first meet, they can only have a very ordinary kind of friendship. But when you begin to understand each other, when you get close to them, you discover that you're suddenly eager to know him or her even better.
There are no rules for friendship. It must be left to itself. We cannot force it any more than love.
She discovered with great delight that one does not love one's children just because they are one's children but because of the friendship formed while raising them.
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.
One of the surest evidences of friendship that one individual can display to another is telling him gently of a fault. If any other can excel it, it is listening to such a disclosure with gratitude, and amending the error.
Sixth grade was a big time, in my childhood, of hoops and friendship, and coming up with funny things.
For prayer is nothing else than being on terms of friendship with God.
Friendship is a sheltering tree.
Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?
Love between man and man is impossible because there must not be sexual intercourse and friendship between man and woman is impossible because there must be sexual intercourse.
I love life in spite of all that mars it. I love friendship, jokes and laughter.
It must be remembered that the sea is a great breeder of friendship. Two men who have known each other for twenty years find that twenty days at sea bring them nearer than ever they were before, or else estrange them.
Value your friendship. Value your relationships.
Friendship, of itself a holy tie, is made more sacred by adversity.
Sweet is the scene where genial friendship plays the pleasing game of interchanging praise.
As told in Friendship with God, if we simply decided to believe and act as if first, we're all one, and second, life is eternal, it would render virtually everything we've done all our lives pointless.
I think in friendship, you want to be there for your friend, and sometimes you just don't know what to do or the relationship you have with them is not clear enough for you to know what to do.
Show me a genuine case of platonic friendship, and I shall show you two old or homely faces.
Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation.
Pity and friendship are two passions incompatible with each other.
I think the way to keep a friendship is to respect that everybody is different.
I have lost my seven best friends, which is to say God has had mercy on me seven times without realizing it. He lent a friendship, took it from me, sent me another.
Your experiences will be yours alone. But truth and best friendship will rarely if ever disappoint you.
Before the flowers of friendship faded friendship faded.
It is wise to apply the oil of refined politeness to the mechanism of friendship.
Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.
When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands.
If we would build on a sure foundation in friendship, we must love friends for their sake rather than for our own.
Friendship always benefits love sometimes injures.
Friendship is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
The rare few, who, early in life have rid themselves of the friendship of the many.
Friendship's the wine of life: but friendship new... is neither strong nor pure.
Time makes friendship stronger, but love weaker.
Love and friendship exclude each other.
Happiness is understanding that friendship is more precious than mere things, more precious than getting your own way, more precious than being in situations where true principles are not at stake.
A lot of the powerful religious leaders, from Jesus to Buddha to Tibetan monks, they're really talking about the same things: love and acceptable, and the value of friendship, and respecting yourself so you can respect others.
Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life.
Accountability in friendship is the equivalent of love without strategy.
Love is like the wild rose-briar Friendship like the holly-tree. The holly is dark when the rose-briar blooms, but which will bloom most constantly?
My inspiration are the woman, friendship, and loneliness.
Love is rarer than genius itself. And friendship is rarer than love.
I keep my friends as misers do their treasure, because, of all the things granted us by wisdom, none is greater or better than friendship.
Love is flower like Friendship is like a sheltering tree.
Suspicion is the cancer of friendship.
The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship.
Success always necessitates a degree of ruthlessness. Given the choice of friendship or success, I'd probably choose success.
Aristotle uses a mother's love for her child as the prime example of love or friendship.
Conjugal love, or the friendship of spouses, can persist even after sexual desires have weakened, withered, and disappeared.
Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.
All who consult on doubtful matters, should be void of hatred, friendship, anger, and pity.
I'm single, footloose and fancy free, I have no responsibilities, no anchors. Work, friendship and self-improvement, that's me.
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
You've got to reach a hand of friendship across the aisle and across philosophies in this country.
When friendship disappears then there is a space left open to that awful loneliness of the outside world which is like the cold space between the planets. It is an air in which men perish utterly.
Secrecy is the chastity of friendship.
To like and dislike the same things, this is what makes a solid friendship.
The firmest friendship is based on an identity of likes and dislikes.
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life.
I force people to have coffee with me, just because I don't trust that a friendship can be maintained without any other senses besides a computer or cellphone screen.
Friendship is mutual blackmail elevated to the level of love.
I've got some great guy friends. They can start out as crushes. But when you realize something isn't going to happen, you make a choice whether or not the friendship is worth it. And it usually is. Then you can laugh about the fact that you used to have a crush on him or he had one on you.
Friendship is a wildly underrated medication.
Meg Ryan is a beautiful and courageous woman. I grieve the loss of her companionship but I've not lost the friendship. We talk all the time and that was what our connection was about. She has a wonderful mind and we just like a chat.
Great is the victory, but the friendship of all is greater.
It may be a cold, clammy thing to say, but those that treat friendship the same as any other selfishness seem to get the most out of it.
The little trouble in the world that is not due to love is due to friendship.
A friendship like love is warm a love like friendship is steady.
Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another.
Friendship based solely upon gratitude is like a photograph with time it fades.
Friendship is the golden thread that ties the heart of all the world.
Friendship is a word, the very sight of which in print makes the heart warm.
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
Some people are willing to betray years of friendship just to get a little bit of the spotlight.
I hope to continue my friendship with France and its filmmakers for many years to come.
I'm calling my book series the 'with God series.' And this next 'with God' book is Friendship with God, which comes out in November. This books challenges us to bring about the end of 'better' on this planet.
The second one, the joint Truth and Friendship Commission, which we started now with Indonesia, that is the one that has been criticized its terms of reference call for providing amnesty for those who cooperate in telling the truth. It does not lead to prosecution.
Because most people are not sufficiently employed in themselves, they run about loose, hungering for employment, and satisfy themselves in various supererogatory occupations. The easiest of these occupations, which have all to do with making things already made, is the making of people: it is called the art of friendship.
Sincere friendship towards God, in all who believe him to be properly an intelligent, willing being, does most apparently, directly, and strongly incline to prayer and it no less disposes the heart strongly to desire to have our infinitely glorious.
From an early age I didn't buy into the value systems of working hard in a nine-to-five job. I thought creativity, friendship and loyalty and pushing the boundaries of what was acceptable was much more interesting.
My second husband believed I had such a fickle attitude to friendship that each Friday he would update the list of my 'Top Ten' friends in the manner of a Top Of The Pops chart countdown.
I would be willing to do almost anything to make Art happy. I care about our friendship. The only thing I won't do is change the essence of my work.
Look, I worked with American Republican presidents and Democratic presidents, all of them, and each of them has shown a deep and profound friendship to Israel, you know? I can't remember anybody who was in that sense negative as far as Israel is concerned.
Why do we go around acting as though everything was friendship and reliability when basically everything everywhere is full of sudden hate and ugliness?
The most deadly fruit is borne by the hatred which one grafts on an extinguished friendship.
Came but for friendship, and took away love.
Love and esteem are the first principles of friendship it is always imperfect if either of these two are wanting.
Friendship is a disinterested commerce between equals love, an abject intercourse between tyrants and slaves.
Madam, I have been looking for a person who disliked gravy all my life let us swear eternal friendship.
Friendship! Mysterious cement of the soul, Sweet'ner of life, and solder of society.
Friendship is one of the most tangible things in a world which offers fewer and fewer supports.
The steady discipline of intimate friendship with Jesus results in men becoming like Him.
I didn't like England. I couldn't take the look of the place or the style of friendship. I need more intimacy from people than is considered okay there, and I felt that my personality and my enthusiasms weren't understood. I had to put a big lid on myself.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character.
When I was growing up, my mother was always a friend to my siblings and me (in addition to being all the other things a mom is), and I was always grateful for that because I knew she was someone I could talk to and joke with, and argue with and that nothing would ever harm that friendship.
Friendship will not stand the strain of very much good advice for very long.
One friend in a lifetime is much two are many three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
Friendship is something that creates equality and mutuality, not a reward for finding equality or a way of intensifying existing mutuality.
Things have gone beyond my wildest expectations and dreams, and I feel like I've been given so many blessings in my life, between my friendship with the guys in the band, our wonderful audience, being able to play this music, and then my family.
If you're going through friendship issues, I would say, first of all take a step back. How important is the friendship to you? Sometimes, if someone's not being a good friend to you and isn't treating you the way you should be treated, then you kind of have to move on sometimes.
The ideal friendship is to feel as one while remaining two.
Often the magical elements in my books are standing in for elements of the real world, the small and magical-in-their-own-right sorts of things that we take for granted and no longer pay attention to, like the bonds of friendship that entwine our own lives with those of other people and places.
Neatness begets order but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship.
The building of friendship, family, community and love is complicated. We are so isolated in this country, no longer supported by tribes and villages.
The best time to frame an answer to the letters of a friend, is the moment you receive them. Then the warmth of friendship, and the intelligence received, most forcibly cooperate.
One sure way to lose another woman's friendship is to try to improve her flower arrangements.
I play- it's kind of like a slice-of-life, LA women in their forties, playing forty kind of what's their friendship like, and what's their life like and so I just play one of the four friends.
For me my friendship with Omar Rodriguez from Mars Volta that friendship really means a lot to me because he's another creative person who works as hard as I do.
Those who insist on having hostilities with us, kill and destroy the option of friendship with us in the future, which is unfortunate because it is clear the future belongs to Iran and that enmities will be fruitless.
On one side, citizens have great respect for the United States they have a great feeling of friendship. That is solid. But in the opposition and in the political arena I often find criticism of the closeness of relations with the United States. That is a reality.
Good fellowship and friendship are lasting, rational and manly pleasures.
I've got many close friends, but there's an awful lot about friendship that is not demonstrative in my case.
We became friends as we became a band. Our friendship evolved as the band evolved. It had its ups and downs, but it was mostly ups for the four of us. We got along well almost all of the time. Hey! We liked each other and we still do.
Today, I, too, wish to reaffirm that I intend to continue on the path toward improved relations and friendship with the Jewish people, following the decisive lead given by John Paul II.
You are almost not free, if you are teaching a group of graduate students, to become friends with one of them. I don't mean anything erotically charged, just a friendship.
I come from the New York theatre world, and I have a lot of gay male friends, so this friendship of Will and Grace's isn't such a stretch.
Friendship is inexplicable, it should not be explained if one doesn't want to kill it.
I noticed that no matter where I went in the country, there was this group of questions that got asked. I would track them and keep them in categories. Like body image, school, family, friendship, you name it, the emotional life of a teenage girl.
There was really no friendship in modeling, though a certain amount of warmth comes from running into models you know on shoots, because you end up in so many unfamiliar places, from Alaska to Africa.
My first experiences of academic friendship made me smile in after years when I looked back on them. But my circle of acquaintances had gradually grown so large that it was only natural new friendships should grow out of it.
There has to be chemistry in a duet, but if you go beyond the point of friendship and attraction, you lose something.
Blunders, no, only friendship binds us to honesty - attracting crypts of mushrooms in the wake of our snowboards.
Even where friendship is concerned, it takes me a long time to trust people.
Watching John Lasseter's films, I think I can understand better than anyone that what he's doing, is going straight ahead with his vision and working really hard to get that vision into film form. And I feel that my understanding this of him is my friendship towards him.
I would have told him that I appreciated his friendship through the years and that I had learned a lot from him. I really loved Frank like you do a brother.
What gay culture is before it is anything else, before it is a culture of desire or a culture of subversion or a culture of pain, is a culture of friendship.
China has been committed to the independent foreign policy of peace and has developed friendship and cooperation with all countries on the basis of the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence.
I think quite a lot of people have a friendship or a love that's gone like that and it never quite reconciles properly.
And though my Lord hath lost his estate and been banished out of his country, yet neither despised poverty nor pinching necessity could make him break the bonds of friendship or weaken his loyal duty.
That was the day I began cutting classes and returning to TV tapings it ultimately led to a friendship with Johnny O, and an increasing fascination and respect for what he did.
It will give them the opportunity to show themselves worthy of the respect and friendship of peace-loving nations, and in time, to take an honorable place among members of the United Nations.
In closing I wish to say that while I was sorely beset by a number of white riders in my racing days, I have also enjoyed the friendship of countless thousands of white men whom I class as among my closest friends.
In my public service, I treasure my friendship with law enforcement officers. I admire what they do and support them in every aspect of their job. I have always looked upon law enforcement officers as my friends.
People are roasting each other at parties, at work events, around the fire. It's so fun. People are busting each other's chops, and it's a sign of affection, truly. It's a true test of love and friendship: can you make a man laugh at himself? So what makes a good burn? Go after targets you love and respect. And hit 'em hard.
If the chemistry is right between star and photographer and the geometry of the pictures pleases the star, often the two people end up with a long-term professional friendship during which they continue to work together and to produce highly personal images.
The part which American friendship played in helping us to win the freedom we enjoy in this part of Ireland has been gratefully recognized and acknowledged by our people.
Nobody ever chooses the already unfortunate as objects of his loyal friendship.
Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community.
At the beginning of the new century, it is the common aspiration of the peoples of the two countries to deepen mutual understanding, enhance trust, develop friendship and strengthen cooperation.
Marriage, for a woman at least, hampers the two things that made life to me glorious - friendship and learning.
It became very clear to the director that it would be foolish not to use our friendship. I had tried to talk to him about it because all the relationships in the film are so, not negative, but antagonistic. There's not a lot of love going around.
Israelis can be proud of the vibrant democracy that they have created, and I know that many Rhode Islanders share my deep appreciation for the close friendship between our two nations.
I have a very close friendship with the skaters.
And we want to develop our strategy to partnership and friendship with the United States, which is connected with a very rich history but what is very important for our future.
But as I was saying, from my experiences, I think men tend to be more timid in expressing their feelings for you. Regardless, I always prefer a friendship first and foremost.
Music is the social act of communication among people, a gesture of friendship, the strongest there is.
This airline is grateful for his extensive contributions and we will miss his friendship and support. We extend our deepest sympathies to the Casey family on its personal loss.
